p Easy to open package,tastes good,stays fresh after opening and not using all at once, does what it's advertised to do
n Player randomly goes into "repeat song" mode. Music vanishes from the player. Do not buy this junk.
p Nice and excellenet performance!. I bought two more of these for gifts to my family members.
n Stay away from this seller "Salter". I ordered this product 20 days ago and finally got an email saying that there's an unexpected delay! I cancelled right away, after waiting for almost a month
n Cheap selector round mechanical thing............it would be better if it was all flat like a nano
n I bought this for a far-sighted relative, but it didn't magnify enough, and was distractinly blurry, so the gift wasn't well received. I give this two thumbs down
n When I received the flashlight it was broken I have tried to contact Mark Golden in Delray, Florida, the place the flashlight was sent from, and have heard nothing back this week
p Feeling very safe as a women travelling alone	This hotel makes you feel very safe in a big city as Delhi is. The pickingup from the airport is reliable and very fast and comfortable. Rooms are big and clean. The best you can get for little money!
p I bought this ipod for me and my aunt we loved it cause perfect for gym use. YOu can clip it and go.. !!
n I have 2 of them. One stop working after 1 month of use. It`s difficult to go from one menu to another and use it in general.
n worst experience. hangs so much and restart from scratch wasting your whole time. Unreliable. I have returned to amazone. Kashif
n Got this as a Christmas present for my daughter. After two months, it won't do anything, won't emergency rest, nothing.
n Don't buy this the 128Mb version is just about to be made available for just a few pounds more.
p This player/recorder, which was purchased for my wife, works exactly as advertised. My old player is starting to die, so I will probably buy another one of these units.
n The archos unit is very hard to operate and tech ser are not very helpful when you need them.
p I haven't heard anything but great things from the young lady that got this for Christmas! She loves it and takes it everywhere.
p We purchased this microphone for use at our church. It works perfectly, sounds great, and was a steal for 20 bucks!
p Safety key was fine...except I purchased treadmill without book and it was not the size I was looking for. I took a chance at the size so my own fault
n when was this made?-the1700? an 8 track holds more and it's HUUUUGE. go buy yourself a shuffle for 40$ more and it holds 64x the space
n I didn't like this MP3 player at all. It worked wll until 3 months later. I was shocked! Don't get this if u don't want to waste money.
p Great sound, low listening fatigue. This does not over-accentuate low frequncies, so if you're looking for overly booming bass, this is not it. note that it's an "open" design, so that you will hear environmental noise pretty clearly - it will not keep outside noises out
p Purchased item for daughter for Christmas. Delivery on time, product worked as avertised. She is very pleased with her present.
n This computer is one of the worst items I've ever had (I took it back in the first week of using it) It has a horrible screen AIM doesnt work at all Internet Browser is soooooooooooooo slow DON'T BUY IT!
n Great for a few months then died - do not buy.
p Great, speedy service. The product was exactly as described. I would buy again from this seller!
n Once again, everyone pays way too much for nothing. I wish I could sell 16gb hard drives for $400, LOL!
p Out of the 3 flavors available, this one is the favorite of both my boys (4yrs and 7yrs). BUT no matter what flavor its a snack they both will eat and enjoy!
n This Oregon Scientific pedometer is very inaccurate and a waste of money even at the cheap price. There is no point to even considering "saving money" when it comes to pedometers if the count is going to be almost arbitrary
p The silicone is great quality, fits the nano snugly, and the arm band is nice. Wonderful product, does what it's supposed to do, for a fabulous price. Recommended
p I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I was very happy with it. It was the very first time I've used a digital camera
n Hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. Very "Not happy"
n I was promised 1-2 day shipping and didn't get it. I was promised reciept by Dec. 6th and haven't gotten it
n This MP3 player froze up the second time I used it and would not come back on. would not recommend purchasing this product.
n it was bad as it wasnt quite built to specs as in the screen fades out every once in a while n stuff.
p Honest came very fast. Has alot of space. Perfect no damage in good condition.
p We use the ZBars for breakfast, and my kids love them! I love them too, as they're organic, contain no trans fat, no refinded sugar or flour. They're yummy AnD healthy
p Must say that the item was better than I expected. Thanks to the seller and will buy again!!!
p It does everything I expected to do. Easy manual and set up. Great sound. I am keeping it
p This produc was delivered earlier than expected and in great shape. My family loves having an iPOD to enjoy their favorite music. Great service and a great item. Thanks.
p Enough said. I was a long time hold out, but I'm so glad that I gave in. Great for travel and home.
n If it were not for proprietary software to transfer files to and from the device I would still have it.
p Our silver Ipod Nano works great! Looks and feels cool too. We ordered two nanos. One worked, one was a bust. This one won the 50-50 toss up.
p my baby is 12 moth now and she uses the pampers Cruisers (size 3) from 4-month-old. it is soft and my baby never have "rush" with it. my whole family love this diapers.
p Wanted something inexpensive for the little one. He loves listening to his own music and can run it without a problem.
n Ordered 5 items but this one did not arrive. Said wrong address but all others came. Lost $5.00 in shipping sounds like a run-around.
p all i can say bad about it is its big but yea i love it
p i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
p great player for the first time buyer. it's tiny, and very cute. has all the basics. very nice price.
p I've own one of these before and went back to buying another one. GREAT PRODUCT and very user-friendly.
p It is cool. I use it for movies and the quality though not dvd quality is pretty good. I like the thing and my hubby loves it. I am satisfied.
p The set look very nice. The description DOES say that the cymbals are not included, so I will have to buy them separate. I am buying this set for my nephew for Christmas. He is in a band! I hope he likes it
p Excellent little player. Easy to transfer songs or even data and pics. Great sound. Very small and light weight. FM tuner is great. I'm glad I picked this one.
p It rocks my world along with the radio stations. It only proves to you that good things do come in small packages.
n UNUSABLE AS TO NAVIGATION, AND UNLOADABLE FROM A COMPUTER. A MONKEY COULD NOT HAVE DONE WORSE.
n it doesn't allow you to make daily or weekly recordings (think Simpsons every day). It only support some hokey interface with Yahoo calendar.
n Some of the worst DVDs that I have purchased. I wouldn't waste my money on any more of these pOS discs. I wish I could return them to amazon, but for what I paid (it was pretty cheap), its not worth the effort.
p Apple has dominated the MP3 market and when you buy one you will understand.
n I've never purchased a worse item - ever. I bought three of them for the kids... and they are all scratched, damaged, and of inferior quality. Buy this only if you hate someone
n got it at walmart can't even remove a scuff. i give it -100 good thing i could return it
n I bought this for friend. Only after 2 months, the MP3 player does not work. Now it can only be used as flash memory.
p I thought when I up graded to the plasma things couldn't get any better I was wrong the wireless is the cherry on top I love this thin
n I am dismayed after buying this from amazon. They have promised ear bud headphones but have provided the dated common headphones.
n hope this nano iPod would still be on sale... I don-t like the new one.. too small...
n is not good the battery is going down very fast ,life battery maximo 65 minutes
n I bought this from Amazon and I don't like it - the masured temperature drifts from 96.8F to 99.6F in 6 minutes. So inaccurate
n If they weren't free, I'd give them 1 star. Media code: MCC 01RG20. 2 of 10 were coasters at 4X with my DVDRW IDE1008
p The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style
n I bought 3 Zen v plus and the 3 brake after 1 month. They send me 3 refubished zen.
p excellent product, only had it for a couple of days tough (Ipod Video released and had to get one :p )
n This is not delivered to specified location. But I got refunded the money that I spend on it.
p i think this mp3 player is great,so easy to download songs on,i like the way it shows album covers.jazz
p when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light.
p We LOVE this item!!! We get older TV show DVDs from netflix and they generally are not in the best condition when they come. If the cleaner doesn't work, and it generally does, our back up is the repair stuff, which almost always does. I think out of 30 disks, only two were not fixed.
p Seems me that is an excellent product he which will be me of great utility.
p Very pleased w/item. Compact. Easy to move from place to place
n lousiest 10 dollars i spent. the tips are already bent and thats at maybe 10 minutes or so of fooling around with it. ive tried it with multiple guitars and the effects and theres no such thing as this thing getting a "bow" effect. i dunno. scratchy. i dont recommend this at all. ive been playing the guitar for about 13 years now.
p I bought it for my dad and I haven't heard any complaints. So I guess everything is working ok. But those head phones are huge!!
n We bought this product so we could download items from Dish or Tivo and it can do neither
n I returned this item, as it didn't fit my 19-pound Boston Terrier well at all. It was way too large for his body. "Small" obviously means small for a larger dog instead. Just be aware!
n What a disappointment! The device just wasn't predictable. Sometimes it would do as expected, sometimes not. It was just a crapshoot.
p I love this player! I have had no issues with it whatsoever. It is very easy to use and to program. I will be buying more items from Creative Zen in the very near future!
p This was just as advertised, good product, fast service. Not really enough storage for my needs, but works fine.
p i bought it about 2 mounth ago and liked it very much its sound quality very good but think it comes from my bose tripod headphones :)
n Although I like the product overall, I'm frustrated with the useless nickel-sized ear buds. They are very uncomfortable and do not stay in place. If you buy this product, get a pair of ear buds as well
p What can I say? It's a nice book holder.
n Our family has had 4 Ipods in the last 2 years only one of them still works. they are not reliable.
p GREAT PRODUCT
p Judging by the picture, it looks very good for the price, and also has two crash cymbals which many other "starting" drums do not featur
n Get an ipod. This thing is the fatest mp3 i ever seen. It crashes and doesnt have a recorder or FM tuner.
p the software is wonderful...u can download the music as easy as abc...the condition after months of hard use is still wonderful
p Last night, as I was going to sleep I listened to a variety of songs - Foo Fighters, Elton John, Queen, Johnny Cash and more. It was an experience. I heard more from Folsom prison than ever before. Captain Fantastic was amazing. not being an audiophile, it is hard to explain, but the music seemed new.
p I bought a used flames strap from Eddie and it feels (and looks) great. I love it and my bro does as well, very good buy
p I have a garage band and i needed i good set of drums so i bought these. iwasn't sure if i want them at first but i made a great decision! now my drums go everywhere with me! This is a great pick
n Only works with Windows media player for transfers Not easy to work Bad sound (IAudio is better)
p It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning/using the item
p Creative Zen Nano is inexpensive Easy to use -I recommend it to anyone who wants to get started with an MP3 player
p Bought this for my 15 year old. He really likes it and it was reasonably priced. Haven't had any problems with the unit.
p I guess I did not read the description...an adapter is required to pROpERLY use this. I will either buy the special adapter or adapt it to my bike rack
p Simple to use, no bells and whistles, and just the right price for someone like me when I walk.
n The item boke up and stopped working after a month of being purchased.
n The mp3 player played well for the first month, but then just refused to play. It just died, all of a sudden.
n I would NOT recommend this product. It will not work well, causing more problems than it is good for. Look at another option!
n Theres some problems with it... Software isent that good, lots problems,I hate usb port carger, runs down Laptop batteries faster
n AMAZON FAIL TO DELIVER ITEM WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME. THE ITEM FAIL TO ARRIVE AND THEREFORE WE NEVER RECEIVED THE GOODS
n This is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.
n Would recommend spending a bit more and getting the Omron/Oregon Sc $18 pedometers - much better form factor, high reliability and quality
n I purchased this flash card in June for my GpS memory. Loaded fine, but only lasted 3 months. Card lost all it's memory and was unable to take a new load. Very disappointed in the life of the card.
n The product does not work as it is shown on TV. There are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy. The item was a gift that is now just gathering dust
p I got this for my son for christmas and he loves it. he has had more fun with this mp3 player than any of his gifts.
n Sure it looks nice, but [$$$] for a hard disk with an LCD. I don't think so.
n You just bought a very over priced toy
p I did read all the reviews and was afraid something bad could happen during delivery. My fears proved wrong. I received a heavy package not damage, with all contents inside. The bike is working well and it is really a great exercise bike
p This is the best tasting energy bar I have ever had. My kids love them too. Great high energy snack
p Seriously better than the little ipods. Little small on the storage, but HUGE on features. Motion of the ocean, man.
p Good for business	five star hotelgood for official partieslocated in posh south delhicentral location in southgood servicegood food
n very expensive, vangue and also, doen't have radio FM ... I don't recomend.
n Stick with Ipod. This thing sucks!! It locked up after using it for 1 hr. Looks nice! That's about it!!
p This is the best! I love it and use it to roll out the muscles in my tight calves. Its made me a better runner. My husband loves when I take it to his tight shoulders... I can massage him so much longer than I could before. This is a great purchase
n This is the second mp3 player that I've had from philips. The first one never worked and this one died after 5 months of use. When you get the "flickering of death" nothing in the manual works. My last philips product EVER!!!!
n This player is WAY too prone to static electricity. It crashed/rebooted EVERY TIME I touched it. I returned it for a refund.
n Just got mine today. Returning to Amazon tommorrow. Defective. iPod stalled on select language screen. Will not respond.
n After the on & off switch fell off. Nextar replaced it with there brand. Good service.
p I have had so much fun learning Bio feedback and learnig to breath. The exercises and the story line are really helpful to achive control and develope skills for meditation. I highly recommned this product. I will be purchasing the add-on in the near future
p It's great, the screen is clear, the music sound nice, and the pictures show clear with nice size screen.
p This product is simply awsome, per my daughter who received this as a gift for x-mas. Keep up the good work amazone and Zune!!!!
p My wife uses her Rio Carbon all the time and she loves it. B. Holmes
p I purchased two of these for my 19 year old twin daughters and they use them everyday. They have had no complaints so far.
n After a year, the Lifedrive froze while starting up. I tried resetting, including several hard resets, which the unit would never complete.
n Meditation will do the same thing. Buy a tape or take a class
n Only someone who is from another planet would buy this player. It has problems playing MP3 and WMA files. It forces you to use the dumb Sony software. It costs more than an IPOD.. In short.. buy something else.
p I feel I got the best deal all year. My daughter loved it and Amazon made sure I could afford it. Walmart and Target have nothing on Amazon!!
n ...for more than a couple of minutes (no matter what I did) and the toilet monster kept falling into the drink. Overall it was quite underwhelming as a practical joke. I've gotten much better results for the same money with other products
n The software on the RCA Kazoo is almost impossible for me to figure out. The RCA kazoo's Headphones also "are bad". I think it is too expensive for what its worth and i am asking you not to buy this peice of junk.
n I don't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles. It's basically just Gatorade with more sugar in it. If you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere
p i have absolutely no complaints. super easy to use and i'm a gadget-idiot! great for running.
p This metronome shows the different italian terms used to describe tempos. This makes it easier to know at what tempo to practice your music
p This MP3 player is very user friendly and easy to follow directions for getting started. Also love the clip on.
n Don't buy iriver products unless you don't want customer service cuz they don't have any!
n Music loaded fine, but the mode button was broken. Therefore, the player would not play. I had to send it back.
p Perfect Size, easy to use. FM Tuner is nice to have. For someone who doesn't need an overly abundant amount of songs on their MP3, this is great!!
n It list good specs but I wouldn't know as it doesn't work with XP home and there are noe firmware updates/drivers for it. The companies web site is pathetic with no forums or any way to give feedback. It might make a good paper weight tho..
n This is a piece of junk with LCD display defect in the first place. Do NOT buy it.
p This is a great product for the money. For a novice, it was easy to use. The instructions were pretty thin but it was simple to figure out. A useful tool
p this was my grandson's present last year from his Mom and Dad. He loves it
n It plays videos, but according to the Apple website, you get two hours of video playback before your battery drains. Crash and burn.
p Delhi belly	Good service, nice and clean.&quot;Too much&quot; attention sometimes from service staff.Nice with gym inside the hotel
p There is just one word to describe this product: amazing. I'm full satisfied with it. Just buy it with 1Mbytes (mine is 512kBytes). One last thing: the battery lasts forever
p This is by far the BEST flash-based MP3 player I have ever used. It is incredibly user friendly. Great sound and picture with all the bells and whistles.
p the ipod is great! it got here in good time and great shape. it has plenty of memory to hold tons of music. it is a great size to carry around and use anywhere anytime.
n The iPod is better, more popular, and more compatible. Why go against the grain. Do the right thing and go Apple.
p battery life is great , and the SD card extention is nice you can add a 2GB card no problem.
p Great features! probably the best pedometer out there for the money. The only reason I give 4 vice 5 stars, is that I think the one I bought for my mom (same brand and model) is slightly more accurate. A great way to track your fitness overall
p Fast and Accurate !!!
p Great gadget. Decent price. Lots of options. What else do you need?
p nano sounds gr8 i m very happy with the sound i hear compared to a old mp3 player i had and also very sleek and easy to use..
n seems I may have already broke this bar - twisted it to stop it from spinning while I was doing exercise and heard a pOp now it spins all the time I use it - not happy :( I did not force it a suprised such a sturdy looking piece would break already
p It went through the washing machine all the way through to spin and still worked (new headphones were required). What more can I say?
p This is the greatest mp3 player out there.i never even installed the software for song transfer. I love it!!!!
p Very compact size/weight is great for clipping onto workout wear. Easy to use..great sound..great little screen..good battery... Love it !
n It doesn't have a LCD screen. Although you can customize the playlist, I just can't remember the order of the songs. Waste of money.
n pfft. waste of money. i loved it until my screen faded and consequentally went BLACK after 5 months rendering it USELESS.
n Maybe if these were high end rechargable niMH this would be a reasonable price. But for Alkaline? This is even more ridiculus than the cables they sell. You can find AAA battieries on Amazon for a third of this price
n I opened this, downloaded a few files, listened for 45 minutes and then nothing. What a waste. Not worth it at any price.
n Never buy any product from rio ever, this is a horible product and I couldn't get anyone to tell me how to get it to work. I was absolutly horrible
p This product is really versatile for my needs. I can listen to music, watch videos, and most importantly store my photos while on the go!!
n Screen died within 2 weeks had to return it. Think I will go in another direction.
n Compreste art�culo y el bot�n derecho de adelantar "next" no sirve. Es lamentable.
n The first time I used these push-up bars the flimsy plastic they're made out of cracked in three different places. perhaps they will still hold up and not fail entirely, but I'm not going to risk an injury finding out. In the trash they go... I suggest you buy some that are made out of metal tubing
n First of all, I got a white ipod. I ordered black! But other than that, it came pretty slow, and it was missing the installation disc.
n Shuffle setting isn't random, plays different order but that same diferent order every time, the headphones stink!
p This wiffle bat is light and easy to use. Substitue it for a whip or crop when training your young horse. It will not hurt the horse, but will get the horse's attention
n Beware of this product. It always freezes up half way though the download when transfering photos to my computer. I have another USB 1.0 card reader that works perfectly. I upgrade to get the speed boost with USB 2.0, but this product is fundamentally flawed and buggy.
p Got a Gen 3 and a Gen 2 for my son and daughter. She wanted a Gen 2 since that is what her friends have. She saw the Gen 3 and changed her mind.
n When this unit works it is a great idea. Mine froze up on me and I was forced to return it.
p It's cheaper, easy-to-use, has a screen so you can select songs/albums, and fits more music. Oh, and it has a pretty good battery life.
n ..but in this case an inferior product. There are better ones out there with more functionality and better quality.
p two things, is there a case for this thing you can buy anywhere? also, is it the same size as the 20 GB model? Thanks!
p Perfect for travel/storage when a laptop is too much. Handles my digital RAW photos easily.
p first mp3 player for me. i am very pleased with it. easy to use and very well made. can do a lot with it for a small price.
p tried player and very happy with results. would highly recommend this to others.
p This drum set is awsome and affordable. It has a nice clean but deep sound, and works for any type of music. But since America now is scared of reading, It seems people are neglecting to notice that while the picture has cymbols, it has clearly printed it does not come with cymbals. 5 star though
n It did not work. From first time. I could not start, It did not charge. Pure aggrevation.
n The battery will eventually wear out. But becase of integrated battery type in this device, it is likely you will be in hard time of replacing it.
n It is so easy to break!!!
p This appears to be a good piece of equipment. I hav'nt had any major outages as of yet but a minor fluctuation was handled very well.
n Specs say 20 hours get maybe 2. Then have to turn of batter life switch and back on.
p I have tried nearly all brands of energy bars. Hooah! are the best tasting and they give me the most energ
n I purchased this matt to protect my laminate flooring from the weight of my heavy elliptical exercise machine. Unfortunetly, the matt is not thick and compresses to paper thin under the weight of the elliptical. I would not recommend this to anyone with anything more than very light exercise equipment
p The best ipod ever! Great size, video resolution, sound! I completely recommended it! I got it like for a month and i think is great!
p Buy this K5 and you will be amazed how will the belt in speaker sounds and the FM radio works great.
p Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year
p I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather.
p Great product! It was exactly how it was described and I had no problems with the transaction at all. I bought this as a gift and he was very happy with it
n Have to agree with the majority of reviewers here, don't waste your time. Mine died, and customer support very unhelpful.
n The flash drive doesnt get detected at all. The customer service of CENTON doesnt respond. I wish i could get the replacement. Thanks..
p I love this thing. It was a great value, love the arm strap so I can run with it when I use my sports head phones. Love the pink. Easy to add music directly from CD w/o storing on computer.
p people thunk its bad but its not its a good mp3 from a respected comuter company and it sounds great
p This machine really makes you feel it. I like the fact that it also stretches your back which feels great. The only thing I can say is I wish it folded up for better storage but other than that, I like it.
p i find the item in perfect shape and operates effectively thank you so much bimvik
p This is a great item, liek a mini tivo for on the go people, recoreds from tv, computer, dvd directly, awesome item.....
p Fantastic player with good software to burn CD's as well. Able to type in and search by Artist, genre and albums. Great sound quality and bass booster options. A+ product!
p machspeed trio 1 gb mp3 player also a 1gb flashdrive i have no complaints it works great. I recommend it
n DO nOT BUY FOR BODY FAT MEASUREMEnT
p This player has been working fine for me. I only use it for about 1 hour, M-F, on the way home from work. I had to buy new headphones because the ones that came with it hurt my ears, otherwise, no complaints.
p This baby not only looks good its da biz i got it recently no regrets!
n What is this all about. I have not ordered this item nor do I have it. please reply
n I have sent this item back twice. Talked to rep and they said that whole inventory of ipods are messed up. They are refunded my money.
p This tools is really really great. It helped me to overcome the problem I faced while playing guitar, specially the barre chords
n This divice freeses every now and then, it's not worth returning so i will just deal with it.
p I've been using it on a daily basis for more than 1 year already and it's really great. Absolutely no glitches so far (I've dropped it on the floor SEVERAL times), great battery life
p This is a great system. I use it with my Amazon Unbox player and transfer digital videos. Unbelieveable system, love it.
n Received the item but it didn't work, nor did it have very good instructions. E-mailed company 4 times with no response.
n I was a little disappointed by the condition of the iPod-several scratches and dents. So I think it was a bit overpriced, considering the appearance. Since returning the iPod once for service, it has worked fine
p Excellent service 	It's really the best hotel you can get at an affordable price, good service &amp; at a convenient location. Kudos!
p Better_than_my_old_belkin_model
p This is great, especially when I am walking. I love listening to the music I want.
n Mitts no good tore up in two weeks, inside came out. very displease
p by just looking at the picture i see that it has 2 symbals witch all of the other ones that i see in the site only have one unless you wanna pay a million dollars. so im thinking of byeing this one or acually haveing my dad bye it for me
p I bought the Sansa M240 two months ago and am quite happy with it. It's light-weight, holds plenty of media (I have yet to fill it up) and the sound is suprisingly good. no complaints
n This may be an acceptable ramp for a child 6-8, but an older child would laugh at this one. I was embarrassed to even give it to my son
n The material is too stiff and forces the pick too far out from my finger. It is also more 'stiff' than a dunlop .60m
n ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS IT BROKE IN A MONTH<br>NOT MY FAULT AT ALL
p The Samsung Nexus 50 does exactly what it is suppose to do. I have had no problems with the unit. It is like having a vcr for your satellite.
n I bought two as presents. In the course of loading music onto one of the units, the &quot;on/off&quot; button broke. Nice quality.
n This device is tied to Yahoo Music, and Yahoo music is shutting down, so this thing is worthless. Buy an iPod.
p it is great for listening rescoreded articles, public talk, music and store some most needed files. it is well designed easy to carry. i love it.
p This shaver has met all my expectations. It cleans and recharges itself automatically. The shave is close and nick free. The only slight negative is the cleaning time per shave could run to 20 minutes
p I've had so many slipping problems in my Ashtanga yoga class. Both my hands and feet would slide and it was soooo hard to hold poses. Here is the answer! It works great! I'm very happy.
p Happy with price and product. Very very easy to use; fast and accurate
n I have one buy from bestbuy at end of 2005, one month later I found when conect to computer the mp3 automaticly recharge and remember it. One year after the battery only can use about two hours, two years after very defecult to use it and almost all time conect to the charge.
p Excellent! Fast service, good price and ONLY $5.00 Shipping by UPS ground from Colorado to California (do not "eat" the cost of Shipping & Handling like many others!) Thank You
n This hunk of junk isnt worth a cent, and it is as heavy as a brick..
p This is a great product, holds lots of songs and I haven't had any problems!!
p I BROUGHT 2 ZEN V 1 GB PLAYERS, ONE FOR MYSELF AND THE OTHER FOR MY DAUGHTER. WE BOTH LOVE THEM. THE SERVICE THROUGH AMAZON WAS GREAT.
n This product was defective on receipt. I had to return it. I would not recommend.
n Item was horrible, kept freezing my computer and itself, had to reset both multiple times, horrible effort, sent it back
n It freezes. Couldn't even turn it off. I let the power run out then charged it and it started to work again.
n I have had 3 of these MP3 players. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! All 3 died within a week of purchase. JUNK JUNK JUNK. Pay a bit more nad get an ipod!
p I'd like to rate this product, but it was ordered by me as a gift for my daughter... she is very pleased with it.
n This was a major disappontment, broke after one year hard drive issues. They send you refurbished item which also breaks, and no warranty.
n Really ugly mp3 player. Did the Sandisk designer ever check out the ipod? Features are just average. No surprise.
n I bought this only to have it break within a month. This product is too fragile for normal use.
n this player is not very good and controls are hard to use it takes time to get use to them
p The package includes the XLR cable, microphone Stand, and the nady microphone. The quality is excellent. The stand by itself costs $38.00 at the stores, the cable around $20.00, and the mic, around $30.00. If you need just one of these three items you get the other two for free.
p The backpack is great. It is a wonderful tool for dogs with lots of energy. You can fill it with lots of weight and they love carrying it. It secures well, and dogs love it. If you give a dog a job, they really feel useful, and I think they appreciate it a lot
p Definitely competes with I pod. Nice sound. Nice stereo effect. radio is also good. ShashidharAM Bangalore INDIA.
p I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries & CD's
p I love my little green machine. The battery last forever and its small enough to stick anywhere.
n This mP3 player is absolutely terrible, the sound quality sucks. and it has about enough memory for fifty songs. it doesnt even deserve one star!!
n Until Sony ditches their proprietary ATRAC format stay away....stay VERY far away!
p The portable MP3 meets all my requirements, such as awesome quality recording , large capacity, radio. I love it and bought extra one as a birthday gift to my friend.
p Good things do come in small, pink little packages! Great sound quality when I play through my v-moda earbuds.
n Headphones - had to immediately buy new headphones cuz the length of the earphone that came with the product were uneven. Charges thru computer. Overly priced.
n I own a more expensive Braun but bought this model as a gift for someone who I wasn't sure if he would use an electic toothbrush. After 7 months, the toothbrush won't turn off-something is shorted out. Unfortunately I no longer have the receipt. My more expensive model which I use multiple times a day has been problem free for over five years
p I love this iPod sooooo much. I bought it almost a year ago, and it's amazing. never broke once. best iPod ever!
n the shaker would not read the card. i called sandisk several times to get assistant, and it still did not read the card.
p Great value	It was a great value and extremely good service.
p this is a nifty very small musical device that I use when exercising. its great - holds all the songs I can listen to and is so portable. I really like it
p The iPod Nano is a great product for the price. It is slim and compact, which allows you to carry this product without all the extra weight.
p loved the disc	this hotel is situated in a good location....and can say...its value for money
p Very Good ! As far as the owner, the ipod is well take care.
n Worst hotel ever been	High rates, bad rooms, complicated check in	.
n WHEN I FIRST GOT IT IT DIDN'T WORK OR WOULDN'T LOAD SONGS AND KNOW ONE WOULD HELP ME I WOULD INVEST IN A REGULAR IPOD.
n This was returned because it was impossible to operate.i bought an IPOD that downloads like a charm!!
n The string screws are very loose and the strings won't stay tight. Though I know it is only a kid's guitar, it is pretty useless because the strings won't stay on. We bought two and both are the same way. Stay away from this
n This mp3 was terrible i return about 5 times and finally i ask for a money back. Dont Buy it!!!!
p Got this for my son for his electric guitar. It is so easy and accurate - I really like this product. I was hesitant to purchase it because of the low price - but believe all the other reviews - it is a great value and you will not be disappointed
p This microphone is an excellent choice for garage bands, home-recorders and musical enthusiasts--ultra reliable, extremely tough with sound reproduction of a quality which usually requires a much heftier price tag. This is a microphone that will keep you singing a good while.
p This is my first iPod and I LOVE it!! I have all of my 200 cds on it and still 50+ GB free. Amazing. Plus I have pictures on it that I've transferred from my camera.
n Pretty upset that I have to pay to ship a product back to them for an out of box failure. They should at least pay for the shipping
n frankly suggest not to buy..will regret a lot after buying.. ooooo...aaaa.....ouchhhh.....tooo painful and hair starts growing in a weeek...and taking very loooooooooooooong timeee to finish one hand..
n pls dont buy this.yr battery shall only last for 2 hrs max
n Far too difficult to work with. Just getting the thing to turn on took literally days of struggle. I had to return it.
p Timely delivery and strong product. I haven't used my Nano that much, but so far so good. 8 gb is solid and can hold a lot of songs!
p I love my Creative Zen. I have downloaded a bunch of music easily and have been enjoying it since I recieved it. I highly recommend it as a more affordable version of the Ipod.
n Save your money. First it started turning off for no reason, we changed the batteries, no better. Now it won't turn on and stay on for longer than 2 seconds. What a piece of crap!!!!!!!!
p My son is 5 years old and absolutly loves this digger.It was easy to put togther and is very durable.I would highly recommend it. He also likes that it has tracks so he can sit on it and move it where he wants
n Dear Srs. It never happen, but there is a first one. The product I bought doesn't work.
n This is so stupid for $50 more you can get an ipod that's 15 GB instead of 4
n electrical short kills cheap-med quality head phones! i lost four before i figure out the problem. and no, it was not just one player. i returned it and got a new one, and it did the same thing. I gave it a 2 and not a 1 because it records radio very well.DO NOT BUY!
p Excellent value.handles and works well for Audio books, lots of storage space for many books and lots of music.
n Good product but software does not install (did not install with my XP system).
n The player was broken after three day I got it. The screen is totally dead.
p this is a great product with a lot of great features and is way better than any i pod at least me and all my friends think so!!!
n plz dont take this product....bcoz it has no sign of USB at all....when u connect it to the system....it shows no sign that it is connected...
p I ordered this pink ipod nano for my neice for Christmas. She loves it and the sound quality is great! I highly recommend this product!
n This thing is a piece of junk. It stops working in between of a song for no reason. u can get a better mp3 player if you are spending this much.
n I bought three of these for my two 6 year olds and my 7 year old. Every one of them arrived in abysmal condition. Strings everywhere... loose tuning screws that could not be tightened... and scratches. I could not believe that anyone would sell something this inferior. Shocking is an understatement describing this purchase
n Software does not work with Mac OSX. Hopefully there is a download on the Nike-Philips wesite.
p Thanks for the good service we received on this item. It arrived in good shape and as expected.
n I bought this mouse eight months ago and was quite satisfied - until last week when it stopped functioning altogether. I really expected a better product and durability from Microsoft. I've since bought a Logitech VX Revolution Cordless Laser Mouse for notebooks and love it.
p Works just like you would want a tiny MP3 player to work. Very well laid out unit. I am very happy!
n i got this on october 30th and i used it for four months and the screen died on it.i would not reccommend it at all.a waste of money.
n I bought a 6gb Micro in 4/06..after several months the screen locked up...I tried everything including a new battery...$200 bucks in the trash! Don't buy Creative anything..terrible product....... terrible company..
p I highly recomend the YH-820mc to anyone It is easy to use and a great product.
p It is worth the purchase if you can get it for a good deal. Arm band is very good.
p If you own a Canon digital camera this printer is great. It is portable and makes great prints.
p My physician told me to exercise or else, so I looked at Comsumer Reports and listened to friends who spoke of a recumbent bike. Amazon's price was great and I have been delighted. If you like to read and exercise, this one's for you
n The charlatans who makes this [...] deserve to be shot and so does anybody stupid enough to buy it.
n This thing is cheap. It feels cheap, I am afraid it might fall apart every time I pick it up. Don't waste your money on this, get an iPod.
p I use this pillow in the car and plan to take this on the plane. I do not like the neck pillows and prefer the rectangular shape of this pillow. It rolls up to a nice compact size
p we have been able to load it up with are kids favorite DVD's, and TV shows (and a few of our own) to make travel much more enjoyable. It is very easy to use.
n It can not display Chinese while it's competitors, Creative and Ipod pay more attenttion to international customers!
n Uploading songs to the iPod is a pain, you cannot place DVD movies onto the iPod with ripping assistance that takes hours... It is just a waste.
p The player was all I expected and then some. The graphics are great! It was shipped quickly and arrived sooner than expected.
p It is a powerful mp3, worth buying at that price. I really like it.
p It is beautiful mp3 player. Looks special and different from a typical Ipod. Tons of memory; smaller than 20 GB Ipod. Easy controls, colorful display, cool USB host feature. Con: bad battery life. Great price!
n I bought this product and it was dead within a month, even though there was absoutely no damage or misuse. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.
n Not a good device to invest money. Like Windows this product hangs in between and when you put more songs into it, it happens more.
p great rooms	Rooms are large as well as the bathrooms. Very comfortable. Loved the large tv screen.
n It only worked for a year and a half. I was very disappointed with this mp3. I will never get this very mp3 again.
p It's really kind of cool to have such a small player carrying so much music or audiobooks. The earbuds seem fine--good fidelity and fairly long cord.
p Bought this for my husband, he loves it; it works great, looks great, nice small size, highly recommend!
n Was a little hard putting it together. You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart. I am not happy with this product
p Love it!!! Love the features!!! An excellent substitute for a video iPod for a much cheaper price!!!
n picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price. Didn't do a thing for me. Wipe it on, let it haze and wipe it off. no difference.
p This player works great and the software with it makes it easy to transfer stuff to it.
n My son's had this since last Christmas and he, several friends and his Dad were unable to download any songs on this item. :(
p Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought
n The machine does fine for quick cleaning of your cd's/dvd's. I can't give a complete review of the product because I only tried to repair 1 dvd... and it did not repair it
n Could not use it, arrived defective from vendor. Spent almost a month before Amazon finaly ussued refund but still no word from vendor/manufacturer
n Don't buy the adapter listed by amazon to go with this device. It is sold by Adorama Camera and it is the wrong car lighter adapter. I paid $7.95 for shipping along with $25.95 for the adapter.
n buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem ..
n You know those little cloth squares you get to clean your glasses when you buy a new pair? Here's another one of those
p This is a nifty little unit with easy controls and superior sound quality. My daughter has friends with IPODs and Sansas and this blows them away.
n Apple just announced that they are stopping production of this model, and going to offer the 15 GB model for the same price
p This is a good compact flash card. This is faster than most cameras can handle so there was no real reason to go with faster cards that are much more expensive.
p I love this mp3 player because it's a great value. It costs much less than an Ipod, and I think it works very well
n very bad product even This item's USB device was not recognized by Windows. would not recommend.
n do not buy this item. i brought 2 and they both failed within 2 weeks. you get what you pay for.
p I love my SanDisk! The sound is great; size is great!! I am very pleased with this product.
p I very much like this product because battery life is good, very easy to transfer songs and easy to navigate.
p The iPod came with the title Kevin Lees iPod ? is this a factory setting or a pre owned iPod ?
p Easy to use. Tiny. Light. Fine sound. Lots of features. Excellent SW included. Plugs right in to USB (no cable to lose). Built-in FM radio. Runs on 1 AAA battery. Long battery life. Great price. What's not to love?
n this guitar i receieved has a warped neck; how dare you send this product out
n Sweat gets into it easily during exercising and eventually malfunctions even after drying up. Otherwise plays well, sleek look, great size.
p You really can't go wrong with this one. not great response but what do you expect for less than $300? On the other hand, The possibilities for this surround system are endless.
n I thought this would be an actual toilet monster, and was happy to see such a low price. It is, however, made out of rubber, and can not actually eat people
n You want to spend $100 then you get what you pay for, I will be takng this back tomorrow!
n You better know how to use a chromatic tuner if you buy this because the "instruction" booklet doesn't bother to tell you. I've got red and green lights flashing at me--have no idea what all this means
n Nothing about this player makes sense. It is as if it was designed by graduates of Boston College. The buttons take FOREVER to respond, if they respond at all.
p A good solid player with amazing battery life, sound quality, it's small, lightweight, easy navigation buttons. A joy to use
p We bought this tent to travel with our newborn to the beach and it is amazing. the setup is quick and we are the envy of all beachgoers. It is lightweight and well constructed. I highly recommend this to all who desire shade and comfort
p Very Good Hotel	Really a good hotel. Food,services room ambience everthing was really great. Not very close to town but good place to stay
n I tried plugging this into the Microsoft XP and I can't hear anything, let alone watch any videos. Apple stinks.
p get it right now ,, it was the best thing i ever owend ...and at a good price
n the volume level of the phone is not all that good.
p My husband is digging his video IPOD. He has pics of the grandkids on it and can share them at the gym while he works out...
n The Zune arrived quickly, but it didn't work. I had to send it to Microsoft and they sent me a new one. It took over two weeks to get it back.
n and also, doen't have radio FM ... I don't recomend.
n Worst item ever, this only turned on for one day, and did not have any features, and froze, requiring reset every 5 minutes. I returned mine.
n memory not very nice. Hard to push some buttons. Tons of functionality (FM radio, FM radio record, heart rate monitor, etc.) are missing
n Scratches, loose screws that cannot be tightened, and poorest quality ever! Shockingly inferior in every way
n One headphone quit working 3 days after christmas and now the player wont do anything but make funny noises-doesnt play any music any more
n This Creative Zen player has a real bad user interface and control keys!
p We purchased 3 of these for our kids and they love it and have not had any problems with them. We'll be upgrading them to a nano when the hard drives on these start to fail. So far they haven't.
p i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly
p Great product, lots of space, small. But should probably by a soft shell cover for it to avoid damaging it.
n This is awful like within 2 weeks it started to develop problems now its just frozen on me its bad
n Each time I transfer the files to it, the software stops some where in the middle for ever. Have to restart again and again. A garbage.
p Fantastic product--I am a group fitness instructor and I use this product everyday--I add a banana, peanut or cashew butter, plain yogurt, ice and water--this is in lieu of dinner--I don't get hungry and it really keeps my energy levels up
n This is some pretty firewood. It does not stay in tune, nor will it play as a real guitar. This is strictly a toy and should not be purchased if you want your child to start learning how to play. I was really dissappointed when I got it out of its box
n This item's USB device was not recognized by Windows.
n The worst hotel I have ever been to!
n Sound quality poor. Product was delivered late by a week.
n the item freezes and does not charge propperly once it has most of its memory filled.
p The best yet for those that don't have to have a million songs to choose from at any one time! There is ipod and there is all the "wanna-be's"....
p no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers
n This item stop working on the 1st day of use. I will be returing it and asking for my money back. But it's cute and it is my favorite color "black".
p anyone else have this problem? please help... i am using Windows Media Player...
n I purchased the previous 20G model and it just suddenly stopped working. I tried to get support from Iriver but they never responded to my email.
p works great, just annoyingly loud for use with a keyboard. We covered the speaker with duck tape - fixed it
n Do not buy this I bought this instead of an ipod..big mistake!!! FOR MY BIRTHDAY :(
p This blood pressure monitor is everything I was looking for and the price was certainly right. Thank you. It works perfectly
p Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo
p this mp3 player smokes any other player i have seen it is awesome
p This Omron Blood pressure Monitor is OK, but not as good, in my opinion as my old one from the same company. This one doesn't print out results, although it does store them. Also, the cuff is very stiff and cumbersome.
p I bought this for my daughter-in-law for Christmas. When she opened it, was she ever surprised. She really likes this gift.
p buying from Amazon is cheaper. why bother going to apple store or apple website paying more?
p It costs half as much as an average iPOD it hold twice as much as a average iPOD! How can I refuse.
p great product! I love the radio feature. Very nice look to it too... great color screen. Definately reccomend it
n After only one or two uses, the heads of the clubs began breaking off from the shafts, rending themselves completely useless. I'm very disappointed as I have another set of Cougar clubs that has performed well for the past 2 years. I would not recommend buying this set of clubs
p My order was upgraded to 80 gig, becaude the company did not have the 3ogig in stock. This upgrade was made at no additional cost. GREAT!!!!!
n This player is a bad product all around. The battery cover broke after just 2 wks. Also, it only holds about 100 songs. Now, no matter how many songs I take off of it, I can't get it to download any more.
n I give this a 1 star because it has become a usb jump drive for my music, after it would store the music...but not play it.
p Very easy to use. Both the microphone (for acoustic instruments) and the line in result in perfectly tuned instrument. I can't imagine spending much more for a tuner
n GET A SONY NET MD WALKMEN!!!!!!!!!! WAY BETTER!!!!!!!!!
n Not a guest friendly hotel	Please carry cash at the time of check out (credit card is not accepted in this hotel) else you will have to walk for five minutes to take cash from ATM and pay your bill.
p The microphone and cord are very good quality. The stand is solid and easy to adjust. note XLR cord connector. An adapter is needed for 1/4 connection
p I really like the product, its very simple and nice to use. Comes with everything you need to use it, no buying extra things. I love the color screen and the radio, and even the Text reader is good keeping work out routines. You can't go wrong with it.
n Received a bad product but thanks to Amazon they made it happen. Thanks Amazon.
n This MP3 player gave me AIDS. That is why I don't enjoy using it very too much.
p This is a fantastic product at an incredible price. I am amazed by the quality and the free shipping makes it even better. It has completely eliminated my lower back pain, the chiropractor never did that. Buy this table
p I own this Ipod Video and I love it a lot! Good quailty, and very descent, but if you do not put it in a case,it scrachtes a lot
n there are better mp3 players, don't believe the hype. Often the OS freezes causing my battery to drain and requiring me to visit the apple store for repairs.
n It's tiny and cute only when it is working. Mine died on the first battery, about 4-hour usage.
p Good product.. Worth the money which I spent.. Good picture quality...
n I had to replace it because it crashed on me and I only had it for about 5 months.
n Apple really screwed this one up with only 16GB, when last year's top of the line had 80GB and now the classic has 160GB.
p Battery is great. Happy with my purchase got a great deal.
p These are a great, yuumy snack. For someone who counts calories (or points), it's nice to have an option that is relatively healthy and still tastes great! I have never met a Luna Bar I didn't like, though this is my favorite flavor
p Got this as a gift for my Girl Friend. She is very pleased with it. She has had it for about 18 months now, uses it every day, and it works as well as the day she got it.
p Just wanted to echo what others have said, that these batteries seem to really last.
p On the basis of the first review here, I ordered this bike and couldn't be happier with it. This is the first piece of exercise equipment I've ever tried that is worth the space it takes up. I use it every day
n It doesn't look as pictured and has a hollow sound, even if it is a beginner childrens guiter
n Very easy to use, the videos look great. Screen went black after 2 weeks. I should have bought Ipod nano.
n DON'T BUY ANY ARCHOS PRODUCT IS NO TECHNICAL SUPORT AND YOU NEEDS LAT CHRIS
n Lasted three days then stopped playing. If you buy this, you're an idiot.
n Bought for my wife and haven't seen it in along time. Even my son doesn't want to mess with it.
p This monitor is so easy to use, and more convenient than going to the grocery store. It saves the readings in memory, so if I don't have a pen and paper handy, I can retrieve the info later. It even shows the time the reading was taken.
p The mp3 player is economical and my girls enjoy listening to their music on the mp3 player.
p I had a rio, this is soooo much better, much easier to use and sounds great. I highly recommend it.
n It's been over 19 days since my SanDisk 512MB Transflash card was "shipped" from EMARTBUY and I still have not received my order. When I contacted EMARTCRAp, all they could tell me was that it had been shipped.
p RIO is really great, but Diamond should increase its memory so as to really worth the money.
n I consider my dogs to be small - they are all around 25 pounds. I have had to tighten everything on the backpack to keep them from being too loose and I still feel like they are a little bit too big. I think that for a "small" backpack, that they are just too large. Thank you
p easy to use.it seems quite accurate.the only bad thing is it needs batteries,which cost a lot
n This product is not compatible with Windows Vista. This was a Christmas gift that will be going back.
n Ipods have been good for quite a while now but this new version is prone to problems I suggest the next one.
n The Jumpgear *only* works with Lexar Jumpdrives. Lexar made the software to reject other USB drives, even if they fit in the player. Lame.
p Love it. It's great. Easy to use. Small. Excellent. No complaints.
n This item is not worth over $100. there is only 64 mbs on it that fits like 10 songs on there I advise you not to buy
p The Mic is cheap, the stand is nice but what a combo deal! I likes I like
p pedometer is great! Easy to use, accurate. Highly recommend it
n Bought one today at J&amp;R Music World. It does not work, windows XP do not recognise it as a removable device. I am very upset...
n Yes I mean it! The thing dead on me the first day I use it!!!!
n bought 3 years ago. battery always sucked but entire thing died today (despite trying all the "trouble-shooting" tips Apple offers on website). very disappointing considering i paid $300 bucks for 3 years ago. AVOID simply for the miserably short battery life alone. almost missing my old walkman.
n The Mp3 only worked 3 days. After the third day I ignite it and it does not do anything, stays as in stanby without possibility of doing nothing.
p I love this iPod, it looks beautiful and elegant, perfect for its purpose, reasonable price, easy to use.
p These are very tasty. They take care of a sweet tooth without all the unpronouncable ingredients or being terrible for you. They also are great in a diaper bag, purse, center console of a car for when you get hungry and need something to tie you over until you are at home or whatever your destination
p Forget iPods. This little beauty plays music, movies, podcasts, photos and syncs with MS Outlook for much less $$$.
p This blood pressure monitor is easy to use and works great
p Great MP3 player. Worked wonderfully with Vista. Good volume, easy to use, great sound. Good price. I am very pleased with the unit.
p the company sent me a great product, at a great price. im glad there is an ebay to shop around for great deals.
p Would recommend it - coupled with the Bose Sound Deck it makes a good guest room music system
n You guys know you can buy these new for $300, right? Can you say "rip-off"? I thought you could!
n Terrible place!!!	I found address in internet and contact with them. They replied so I deside to stay there. Thanks for God I pay only for one night! That place is horrible! And absolutely agree with other comments!
n This product was ordered and had to returned it twice and finally had to cancel the order and ask for a refund.
n I didn't receive the item, I don't think it was the seller's fault, it just didn't arrive.
p excellent mp3 player. extra small and light. just drag mp3's over with or without folders. i like that it uses AAA batteries. one problem i had is it stopped responding, but after firmware update it works perfectly.
n The thing is cheaper at the circuit city website. That's all I have to say about it.
p I have had this product for about a month now and it been excellent so far. the battery life is very good...all in all, very happy to have bought it.
n Way overpriced money games at check-out. Towels from old Motel
n I returned this biofeedback software and hardware. I was happy with Amazon's quick credit back to my credit card, but i found this purchase totally lacking. The games it had you play were boring and i wouldn't suggest buying this for doing biofeedback
p It's hard to say enough about this machine. It's a great MACHInE
p So many children and even adults bounce on my ball whenever they come over and happen to see it! That's not what it's supposed to be used for but it just shows how sturdy it is. My friend who is probably about 250 lbs didn't even pop it
p This is the 3rd or 4th time I have bought this type of batteries and I am always satisfied with their performance. They are a great value
p I am satisfied with what I got. Its video quality is good. I personally found it much better than iPod I used.
n I don't know how this works because when I found that I would need to wear a chest band during exercise to make it work, I returned it. It isn't evident in the advert for this (or any other) heart-rate monitor. I guess I'll have to trust my sense of pain...
p Initially I had some trouble figuring out the right port to use. But now it works and I've used it constantly for at least 2 years
p This ROCKS!! I love it except for not having a radio, will totally recommend it.
p Great Place	Excellent place to stay. i would defintely like to be there again
p I can't find a single thing to complain about. This little thing has EXCELLENT battery life (WAY more than an IPOD). This is an EXCELLENT buy.
p Great item for my kid for birthday present. I got it for them and they ended up showing me how to work, very simple. Great for what I spent, too.
p Works great!!! I have a flat roof that does not allow me to add a phone line and the only way to use my satilite system is with a long phone cord accross my room.
p I BOUGHT THIS BIKE FOR MY SOn FOR CHRISTMAS AnD HE LOVES IT! nO pROBLEMS WITH IT SO FAR, IT IS BUILT WELL AnD THE pRICE WAS AWESOME.
p Make sure you do other forms of exercise and good diet habits to compliment this. I like using it when I'm at home and don't feel like going to the gym. I cardio, (running or something) afterwards. It's really effective if your form is correct.
n I've got this meter a month ago. I intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise, but I've never been able to do so! At rest, the meter gives a reading after several attempts, but often inaccurate. You have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading. now I'm using it as an exercise watch/stopwatch
n the ipod i have recieved never worked properly. getting it repaired with Apple was not the easiest experience.
n This pillow is too small and it is not comfortable at all
n All this box does is make tones to slow down your breathing. I looked at it for a long time, I never found a clear explanation of what it actually is. So I tried it and it seems like it should cost about $11.99. Save your money
p The ipod came in very good condition and came with everything needed.Also came quickly. Thankyou
p Thank you for the great product and timely shipping. Great business and very responsive.
n The suction cups do not work on many toilet seats. Though the idea is great, save your money unless you have some to burn
n I had mine for two days &amp; then the sound went out. don't buy this player!
n First of all this is made of such cheap plastic it's ridiculous. Second it says on the box it works with Windows 98 but the driver files don't show up on 98 SE.
p Very happy with the product so far and it looks like a new MP3 player. I am pleased with your service.
p Great item. It's and iPod what else need you say? My wife loves it.
p the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it
p Well i don't have much to say. Anyone who does a lot of vocal performance sees these suckers everywhere. not only are they terribly common, they are common because they are good sturdy mics. Good sound quality! Happy with mine. Shure has been making good mics forever. It's definitely a safe buy for any performer, especially vocalists
n Broken after seven months. What a waste of money, now I have to spend $150-200 again to buy a real mp3 player.
n The worst customer service I have ever experienced. The lady who alledged to be the customer service supervisor said:"You got it cheaper than other brands, what else do you expect?" "Viking cheats. So what?
p Very compact with good instructions. Comes with a very durable case and handle which makes it easily portable. I hope I never have to use it
p The item was very easy to assemble and it works well and certainly seems to do what it says. It is great
p The ipod was cafefully packaged as promised. I recieved this before Christmas, which was a great time saver for me.
n Only works properly if you are not moving AnD in a zero-gravity environment
p It's very handy and easy to use, the quality of the sound is awesome.
n not worth the shipping cost. Completely flawed. I ordered the Oregon Scientific, which is perfect. Should be Zero Stars.
n you people are all morons reviewing a product that you dont own but worse is not even out yet !!
n as I am after buying a Rio Nitrus. I will save myself a lot of work: Just read the reviews for the Nitrus.
p I bought this mat for my exercise bike. It was large and gave my floor great protection. I would recommend this mat to anyone that has exercise equipment
p Bought it for my son and though it doesn't have the information right on the face like he wanted, he is still pleased with it.
p Works great, but drains battery life rather quickly I think. Very handy to have around when you need a usb flash drive.
n i bought 4 of these as christmas presents and they all died within 1 month. would not recommend this item
n I've had this player for 3 months and have already had it replaced twice - screen goes black. Makes it hard to use the player
n Worst toy ever purchased... scratches, screws that cannot be tightened, terrible quality in every way
n Each time you replace the battery you have to reload all of your data. Don't waste your money on this one
p The iPod is great! I had a 4 GB nano before this, and the 8 GB has so much more space! It works perfectly. I love it.
p Apple has dominated the MP# market and when you buy one you will understand.
n it wasnt very good and it didnt tell how bad it wqa
n I tried 4 DVDs with different DVD writers and still doesn't work. This stuff is junk. In addition, the manufacturer never sent the rebate. Don't buy anything from Velocity
p I bought these as a gift for my husband to watch TV late at night without disturbing me. He loves them. The sound is fine and the headphones are comfortable.
p its just as i thought it would be and it seems flawless
n Apparently, the LCD screen breaks rather easily. Watch out
n Horrible_dvd_player,the DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc
p Item received in perfect condition. Checked with Doctor. Very good blood pressure monitor. Thank you
n It worked for a few days, then could not synchronize with computer, and ewentually went dead, luckly enough I was able to send it back for refund.
p Great Business Place	Great LocationBest FoodGood Pool Good Business Facilities Great House KeepingHelpful staff.
p Its fundamentally wonderful device squeezing in lots of features in its cute n tiny shape. I didn't see any player as compact as this
p Elegant design, easy to use, only downside is there are better versions on the market now.
p This is the only energy bar that I have sampled more than once! The Hooah! energy bar works faster, lasts longer, and tastes better!... Both flavors!... Go Army!
n This item never worked!What more can you say! The company did'nt even know how to get it to work.
p I encountered these at last week's Carlsbad Triathlon. They tasted really good and I figured if it's good enough for the military, I'll give it a try...sure enough, the military knows what it's doing--it seems to work as claimed. Thumbs up, or, Hooah
n I opened up the package, saw how cheap it was, and packed it back up and returned it.
p best product! easy to use, the batteries last forever, and i love the video and picture options!!! definately a must have!
n 2nd time using one of these, bought it for my daughter, it lasted for about 3 hours then froze up. No more Sandisk MP3 players for me.
n This was a piece of JUnK. neither my husband nor I could ever get it set correctly -- we wound up throwing it away, going to Target and buying one of their 10,000-Steps pedometer. THAT works great
n This product was terrible!! Wouldn't charge, wasn't compatible with my computer as it stated it was. Sent it back for full refund.
p LOVE THIS, LOVE THIS, JUST WISH IT HAD A RADIO, ALMOST ALL THE FEATURES OF AN IPOD, BUT LESS MONEY!
p I recieved a brand new nano Ipod for $175 Great Deal! I recieved it pretty promptly and am happy with the results
p I got the product within the day the email was sent that it had been shipped and in perfect condition.
n I've been charging the player for 4 hours, but it still does not power on. This is the 1st Samsung product ever to disappoint me.
p slim and sleek, with a great looking face, this is a great product for anyone.
n It worked for two weeks, then after a upgrade of Itunes everything on the Ipod disappeared and nothing will load. Very frustrating.
n This SD would not work in my nikon Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did)
p THIS MP3 IS THE BEST IN ITS CLASS. THE QUALITY OF MUSIC, SPACE IS REALLY GOOD. SOUND IS GREAT. THANKS
n The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years. It lights up just fine, and it is a reassuring led gold, but it refuses to do anything with my xd card. It worked just fine for 3-4 days, then erased about 100 photos, all of them irreplaceable. Cheap yes, but Cheap Junk.
n Provides 6-8 hours per battery change.<p>Works better than previous SonicBlue models
p player seems to work great, locks up once in a while when you are trying to go through things too fast. but it is not a problem.
n dented and sold as new.I didnt notice that dent on the left side of the product until recently.
p I was really enjoying my Oregon Scientific pedometer, I found it easy to use and accurate; however, after 1 month it accidentally fell on the floor, and that was it, it no longer works...I will probably buy another one, but it needs to be treated with kid-gloves.
n In the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them. I wish I had known this before. now I have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it.
p They don't seem small at all. I would agree that it's like a size 3, if you're talking about toddler CLOTHInG, but the diaper size is different. My daughter wears 3T clothes, size 5 Easy Ups
p Business pleasure	I found the Ambassador Hotel very convenient. It is certainly well-located, next to the airport. The rooms are clean and comfortable. No complanits about the service.
n I found this little device a bit complicated and the instructions weren't clear to me. I gave up.
p I don't care about clickwheels. Better battery life, file associations, sound quality.
n I've only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row. I've spent hours with this product on several machines and I can now say the hardware sucks.
n IT SO CHEAP IN QUALITY ALMOST SEEMS LIKE A TOY. THIS ITEMS SHOULD BE IN THE PRICE RANGE OF $15.
n Worst Quality I have ever seen - bought three and all three are horrble. Scratched, screws won't tighten... shocked by the lack of quality control.
n It was not sturdy enough for textbooks. If you put a textbook on it and turn the page, it collapses and or tears the page. I wouldn't even use this for a notebook.
n As the other reviewer found out, these cards can't be formatted to work with SD Audio. Total waste of money
n Some much better out there... Suprisingly over priced for what you get.
n Absolutely no use to me whatsoever. next
p IT's a USB hub. All I ask is that it works. It does.
n It is very difficult to download/upload it crashes a lot, and it give you a lot of warnings, i regreet to buy this items<p>SKS
p This was a present for my husband, and he has gotten a lot of use out of it. A very cool gift!
n The Itouch I recieved was defective. Bad battery. I'm still in process of replacing it.
n very bad hotel	my personal experience in this hotel was bad , hotel was dirty and staff was bad and greedy always making extra money from tourist by. charging so many hidden and not mentioned taxes.I truly never recommend to any tourist
n I had this for about 2 months before it broke. Customer service never returned my emails.
p The YP-T7X is a solid mp3 player. The FM radio works well. It is a good device to use while running. I also have a Creative Zen and the two devices are complimentary (one for storing all of my music and one for use while running).
p This Mp 3 player is great... no doubt about it. It easy to use and has a cool screen. Sounds better than any stereo I've heard before. A little over $100 is a bargain!.
n it should be stateed this item is for 7 years and younger very small for older kid
p I purchased 2 for my kids and they love them! I would suggest buying them for adults as well as kids!
n I am 6'1 and this jump rope was too short for me, it says that its adujustable, but it can only be made shorter and not longer. For a kid this is a good jump rope, but its definitely not for a tall person
n Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price??? In addition , iPods can be used as portable hard drives and can display your calendars and contact info.
p It is a great gadget to have for the summer. I love the size of it. I am glad I purchased it. I enjoy having it at my gradma's house this summer. She does not have to listen to loud music since I have my Ipod.:)
p This is perfect for my ipod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
n It just stopped working after a couple months. I tossed it out and got a 2GB SanDisk. Don't buy this player.
p A very beautiful piece with a very big and clear screen. good music clarity. Worth buying it.
n The product itself is average. I've used better and worse. That said, it's definitely not worth the full asking price.
n Not worth the amount i spent on it.. Its just ok ...Needs more pic so that it one could analyse correctly before buying.
p This is the best Portable Video Recorder! Easy to navagate, easy to transfer files. My only problem is not being able to buy another.
n I recharged this MP3 player maybe 15 times max, and now it won't charge anymore.
p You won't find a better headset to reproduce top quality music in any format. And, the price is right, from competent sellers.
n In the beginning the led seemed to stay bright for a considerable amount of time, but now after almost no use (except fooling with it) it doesn't remain lit for even 5 minutes. Very very poor buy
n I saw a lot of bad review about this crappy item, but like a silly guy I bought it! Be aware that it may be an nonreturnable item. If you were me, don't spend your money on this pick! Buy a real chorus gear
p Seems to me that is an excellent product he which will become a product of great utility to me.
p I like almost everything about my new Audi A4. The one negative thing is that the rims get dirty every time I drive it, even if its around the corner. Someone mentioned that it might be the brakes.
n I didn't like this at all...it is really hard to use, has confusing operations, it feels really cheap, and the picture quality leaves ALOT to be desired. Stay away from this one...
n stinky poo	Worst room, service, foodand stinky Toilets.. Don't use the hotel.. Not for human beings
p This package deal is unbelievable . You get a well built stand a Mic cord , Mic clip ,and Sp1 microphone for $19.95 The quality and sound are great. If you play out in small bars and taverns like I do this package is for you
p This XM radio is terrific - small & compact, but with lots of memory for recording my favorite music - and all at a great price. Outstanding value!
p hope this nano iPod would still be on sale... I don-t like the new one.. too small...
n It arrived on time, but the palm didn't work from the first time, I never received an answer from J&R and after all I changed thru the palm support.
n Received, worked for 2 days and then failed. Look for a more reliable product.
p I really enjoy this product. Much cheaper than Ipod, very happy. Great size, I like that you can use windows explorer to copy albums to the device.
p I loved the price, it's a nice size IPod easy to carry in your pocket or purse
n WOrked OK as an MP3 player and FM tuner. (Reception marginal). However, my son dropped it from 3 ft onto ceramic tile and that crashed the harddrive. Permanently dead. That is too fragile for a portable music device.
p Unbeatable for the price! Worked fine right out of the box. Easy to use and easy to understand instructions. I'm glad I bought it
p This is a great drink. I wanted to try something that was different, and this definately fit in. It isnt carbonated, and tastes really good.
p The toothbrush is great, feels like you just came from the dentist and had your teeth cleaned
n very pool quality. actually i want to return this product. i dont know how to do that. This is worst product from sony. I never expected this from sony.
p Yes.........I like it, after using for 2 weeks, my fingers were strong. Good thing is that this exercise helps in smooth blood flowing in your body
n Don't believe the hype. It is a great player and you so much want to love it, but it freezes all the time and crashes my PC.
n what kind of product is limited in compatibility to one OS? for those who try to avoid xp, this is a problem.
n i bought this light after looking on the web .it seemed to be sold everywhere. however no one seems to have tryed it . it did not even light up the title to my music much less a complete page. musicans beware this is MIGHTY DULL
n The features on this unit are nice, but in my experience it's poorly manufactured. I had two die in under three weeks from getting the first one.
n is far greater than this product should get...Just as the other reviews stated, it's worthless...don't buy it.
n It is not repairable, not honored by the warrantee, and Samsung basically washes it's hands because of their own poor quality casing design.
n this product its bad at the second time Ive used it broke out and it can be use
n I ordered this item on March 22, but not shipped until today(April 27), why?
n Bought the sucker in July, and in October it died inexplicably. Would never buy another piece of junk from Creative.
n like many other negative reviews, i've experienced the same problems with this razor. i guess less blades is more and i'm going back to the m3 power.
p Every gigging musician knows that when something as petty as a Mic Clip gets broken, it is more than a little annoying. I have this as my spare and think it works just fine
n It is not ready for market. Do not touch it.
p Great product. I just received my ball today. I couldn't wait to work out. If I learn how to stay on it that would be saying something! I will always recommend Max-Fitness
n Happy with the service but the product has been giving us problems. It has problems finding the computer and doesn't work half the time.
n If Apple makes everthing works as it advertized, then it's worth it.
p This Player is great. The folks at Creative, or third parties, should not lose the momentum and must start offering accesories for this Player.
p really great mp3 player, and this mp3 player makes u look cool i dont know why :p
n It was great until it broke 3 months in.... doesn't play anymore... I am not impressed....
n IT SUCKS SO BAD ITS OVER EXPENSIVE AND CANT DO ANYTHING GET A SANSA
p This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better.
n they dont display all of the information.this product doesnt come with cimbols.wasnt worth what i payed for it.DOnT BUY THES SET
p One of the most useful items Creative has ever produced. I have two - get one and you'll be happy with it.
p My product was recieved in a timely manner and was in GREAT condition. It was everything it was described to be. Easy to use and quite compact.
p It's everything my daughter wanted in a handy little package. She loves her Ipod nano! Amazon had a great price and free shipping. Such a plus!
n This MP3 player broke as soon as I tried to use the player. It only turned on once and would never could be turned on again.
n Soviet-Era Luxury Indian Style	What a dump. Stay at hotels such as Oberoi which are in a similar price range but deliver first-class amenities and services on all fronts
n This is the second one we got - the first one was DOA. This one died after a couple weeks - no reason, just ceased to work.
n no kidding!! The shipping charge on these batteries was over $6.00. Amazon doesn't itemize the shipping charges on your order, so if you order multiple items, you won't know that you're being raped by Crutchfield until it is too late!