n Player randomly goes into "repeat song" mode. Music vanishes from the player. Do not buy this junk.
n Stay away from this seller "Salter". I ordered this product 20 days ago and finally got an email saying that there's an unexpected delay! I cancelled right away, after waiting for almost a month
n Cheap selector round mechanical thing............it would be better if it was all flat like a nano
n I bought this for a far-sighted relative, but it didn't magnify enough, and was distractinly blurry, so the gift wasn't well received. I give this two thumbs down
n When I received the flashlight it was broken I have tried to contact Mark Golden in Delray, Florida, the place the flashlight was sent from, and have heard nothing back this week
n I have 2 of them. One stop working after 1 month of use. It`s difficult to go from one menu to another and use it in general.
n worst experience. hangs so much and restart from scratch wasting your whole time. Unreliable. I have returned to amazone. Kashif
n Got this as a Christmas present for my daughter. After two months, it won't do anything, won't emergency rest, nothing.
n Don't buy this the 128Mb version is just about to be made available for just a few pounds more.
n The archos unit is very hard to operate and tech ser are not very helpful when you need them.
n when was this made?-the1700? an 8 track holds more and it's HUUUUGE. go buy yourself a shuffle for 40$ more and it holds 64x the space
n I didn't like this MP3 player at all. It worked wll until 3 months later. I was shocked! Don't get this if u don't want to waste money.
n This computer is one of the worst items I've ever had (I took it back in the first week of using it) It has a horrible screen AIM doesnt work at all Internet Browser is soooooooooooooo slow DON'T BUY IT!
n Great for a few months then died - do not buy.
n Once again, everyone pays way too much for nothing. I wish I could sell 16gb hard drives for $400, LOL!
n This Oregon Scientific pedometer is very inaccurate and a waste of money even at the cheap price. There is no point to even considering "saving money" when it comes to pedometers if the count is going to be almost arbitrary
n Hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. Very "Not happy"
n I was promised 1-2 day shipping and didn't get it. I was promised reciept by Dec. 6th and haven't gotten it
n This MP3 player froze up the second time I used it and would not come back on. would not recommend purchasing this product.
n it was bad as it wasnt quite built to specs as in the screen fades out every once in a while n stuff.
n If it were not for proprietary software to transfer files to and from the device I would still have it.
n Ordered 5 items but this one did not arrive. Said wrong address but all others came. Lost $5.00 in shipping sounds like a run-around.
n UNUSABLE AS TO NAVIGATION, AND UNLOADABLE FROM A COMPUTER. A MONKEY COULD NOT HAVE DONE WORSE.
n it doesn't allow you to make daily or weekly recordings (think Simpsons every day). It only support some hokey interface with Yahoo calendar.
n Some of the worst DVDs that I have purchased. I wouldn't waste my money on any more of these pOS discs. I wish I could return them to amazon, but for what I paid (it was pretty cheap), its not worth the effort.
n I've never purchased a worse item - ever. I bought three of them for the kids... and they are all scratched, damaged, and of inferior quality. Buy this only if you hate someone
n got it at walmart can't even remove a scuff. i give it -100 good thing i could return it
n I bought this for friend. Only after 2 months, the MP3 player does not work. Now it can only be used as flash memory.
n I am dismayed after buying this from amazon. They have promised ear bud headphones but have provided the dated common headphones.
n hope this nano iPod would still be on sale... I don-t like the new one.. too small...
n is not good the battery is going down very fast ,life battery maximo 65 minutes
n I bought this from Amazon and I don't like it - the masured temperature drifts from 96.8F to 99.6F in 6 minutes. So inaccurate
n If they weren't free, I'd give them 1 star. Media code: MCC 01RG20. 2 of 10 were coasters at 4X with my DVDRW IDE1008
n I bought 3 Zen v plus and the 3 brake after 1 month. They send me 3 refubished zen.
n This is not delivered to specified location. But I got refunded the money that I spend on it.
n lousiest 10 dollars i spent. the tips are already bent and thats at maybe 10 minutes or so of fooling around with it. ive tried it with multiple guitars and the effects and theres no such thing as this thing getting a "bow" effect. i dunno. scratchy. i dont recommend this at all. ive been playing the guitar for about 13 years now.
n We bought this product so we could download items from Dish or Tivo and it can do neither
n I returned this item, as it didn't fit my 19-pound Boston Terrier well at all. It was way too large for his body. "Small" obviously means small for a larger dog instead. Just be aware!
n What a disappointment! The device just wasn't predictable. Sometimes it would do as expected, sometimes not. It was just a crapshoot.
n Although I like the product overall, I'm frustrated with the useless nickel-sized ear buds. They are very uncomfortable and do not stay in place. If you buy this product, get a pair of ear buds as well
n Our family has had 4 Ipods in the last 2 years only one of them still works. they are not reliable.
n Get an ipod. This thing is the fatest mp3 i ever seen. It crashes and doesnt have a recorder or FM tuner.
n Only works with Windows media player for transfers Not easy to work Bad sound (IAudio is better)
n The item boke up and stopped working after a month of being purchased.
n The mp3 player played well for the first month, but then just refused to play. It just died, all of a sudden.
n I would NOT recommend this product. It will not work well, causing more problems than it is good for. Look at another option!
n Theres some problems with it... Software isent that good, lots problems,I hate usb port carger, runs down Laptop batteries faster
n AMAZON FAIL TO DELIVER ITEM WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME. THE ITEM FAIL TO ARRIVE AND THEREFORE WE NEVER RECEIVED THE GOODS
n This is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.
n Would recommend spending a bit more and getting the Omron/Oregon Sc $18 pedometers - much better form factor, high reliability and quality
n I purchased this flash card in June for my GpS memory. Loaded fine, but only lasted 3 months. Card lost all it's memory and was unable to take a new load. Very disappointed in the life of the card.
n The product does not work as it is shown on TV. There are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy. The item was a gift that is now just gathering dust
n Sure it looks nice, but [$$$] for a hard disk with an LCD. I don't think so.
n You just bought a very over priced toy
n very expensive, vangue and also, doen't have radio FM ... I don't recomend.
n Stick with Ipod. This thing sucks!! It locked up after using it for 1 hr. Looks nice! That's about it!!
n This is the second mp3 player that I've had from philips. The first one never worked and this one died after 5 months of use. When you get the "flickering of death" nothing in the manual works. My last philips product EVER!!!!
n This player is WAY too prone to static electricity. It crashed/rebooted EVERY TIME I touched it. I returned it for a refund.
n Just got mine today. Returning to Amazon tommorrow. Defective. iPod stalled on select language screen. Will not respond.
n After the on & off switch fell off. Nextar replaced it with there brand. Good service.
n After a year, the Lifedrive froze while starting up. I tried resetting, including several hard resets, which the unit would never complete.
n Meditation will do the same thing. Buy a tape or take a class
n Only someone who is from another planet would buy this player. It has problems playing MP3 and WMA files. It forces you to use the dumb Sony software. It costs more than an IPOD.. In short.. buy something else.
n ...for more than a couple of minutes (no matter what I did) and the toilet monster kept falling into the drink. Overall it was quite underwhelming as a practical joke. I've gotten much better results for the same money with other products
n The software on the RCA Kazoo is almost impossible for me to figure out. The RCA kazoo's Headphones also "are bad". I think it is too expensive for what its worth and i am asking you not to buy this peice of junk.
n I don't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles. It's basically just Gatorade with more sugar in it. If you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere
n Don't buy iriver products unless you don't want customer service cuz they don't have any!
n Music loaded fine, but the mode button was broken. Therefore, the player would not play. I had to send it back.
n It list good specs but I wouldn't know as it doesn't work with XP home and there are noe firmware updates/drivers for it. The companies web site is pathetic with no forums or any way to give feedback. It might make a good paper weight tho..
n This is a piece of junk with LCD display defect in the first place. Do NOT buy it.
n It plays videos, but according to the Apple website, you get two hours of video playback before your battery drains. Crash and burn.
n The iPod is better, more popular, and more compatible. Why go against the grain. Do the right thing and go Apple.
n seems I may have already broke this bar - twisted it to stop it from spinning while I was doing exercise and heard a pOp now it spins all the time I use it - not happy :( I did not force it a suprised such a sturdy looking piece would break already
n It doesn't have a LCD screen. Although you can customize the playlist, I just can't remember the order of the songs. Waste of money.
n pfft. waste of money. i loved it until my screen faded and consequentally went BLACK after 5 months rendering it USELESS.
n Maybe if these were high end rechargable niMH this would be a reasonable price. But for Alkaline? This is even more ridiculus than the cables they sell. You can find AAA battieries on Amazon for a third of this price
n I opened this, downloaded a few files, listened for 45 minutes and then nothing. What a waste. Not worth it at any price.
n Never buy any product from rio ever, this is a horible product and I couldn't get anyone to tell me how to get it to work. I was absolutly horrible
n Screen died within 2 weeks had to return it. Think I will go in another direction.
n Compreste art�culo y el bot�n derecho de adelantar "next" no sirve. Es lamentable.
n The first time I used these push-up bars the flimsy plastic they're made out of cracked in three different places. perhaps they will still hold up and not fail entirely, but I'm not going to risk an injury finding out. In the trash they go... I suggest you buy some that are made out of metal tubing
n First of all, I got a white ipod. I ordered black! But other than that, it came pretty slow, and it was missing the installation disc.
n Shuffle setting isn't random, plays different order but that same diferent order every time, the headphones stink!
n Beware of this product. It always freezes up half way though the download when transfering photos to my computer. I have another USB 1.0 card reader that works perfectly. I upgrade to get the speed boost with USB 2.0, but this product is fundamentally flawed and buggy.
n When this unit works it is a great idea. Mine froze up on me and I was forced to return it.
n ..but in this case an inferior product. There are better ones out there with more functionality and better quality.
n It did not work. From first time. I could not start, It did not charge. Pure aggrevation.
n The battery will eventually wear out. But becase of integrated battery type in this device, it is likely you will be in hard time of replacing it.
n It is so easy to break!!!
n Specs say 20 hours get maybe 2. Then have to turn of batter life switch and back on.
n I purchased this matt to protect my laminate flooring from the weight of my heavy elliptical exercise machine. Unfortunetly, the matt is not thick and compresses to paper thin under the weight of the elliptical. I would not recommend this to anyone with anything more than very light exercise equipment
n Have to agree with the majority of reviewers here, don't waste your time. Mine died, and customer support very unhelpful.
n The flash drive doesnt get detected at all. The customer service of CENTON doesnt respond. I wish i could get the replacement. Thanks..
n DO nOT BUY FOR BODY FAT MEASUREMEnT
n What is this all about. I have not ordered this item nor do I have it. please reply
n I have sent this item back twice. Talked to rep and they said that whole inventory of ipods are messed up. They are refunded my money.
n This divice freeses every now and then, it's not worth returning so i will just deal with it.
n Received the item but it didn't work, nor did it have very good instructions. E-mailed company 4 times with no response.
n I was a little disappointed by the condition of the iPod-several scratches and dents. So I think it was a bit overpriced, considering the appearance. Since returning the iPod once for service, it has worked fine
n Mitts no good tore up in two weeks, inside came out. very displease
n This may be an acceptable ramp for a child 6-8, but an older child would laugh at this one. I was embarrassed to even give it to my son
n The material is too stiff and forces the pick too far out from my finger. It is also more 'stiff' than a dunlop .60m
n ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS IT BROKE IN A MONTH<br>NOT MY FAULT AT ALL
n I bought two as presents. In the course of loading music onto one of the units, the &quot;on/off&quot; button broke. Nice quality.
n This device is tied to Yahoo Music, and Yahoo music is shutting down, so this thing is worthless. Buy an iPod.
n I have one buy from bestbuy at end of 2005, one month later I found when conect to computer the mp3 automaticly recharge and remember it. One year after the battery only can use about two hours, two years after very defecult to use it and almost all time conect to the charge.
n This hunk of junk isnt worth a cent, and it is as heavy as a brick..
n This product was defective on receipt. I had to return it. I would not recommend.
n Item was horrible, kept freezing my computer and itself, had to reset both multiple times, horrible effort, sent it back
n It freezes. Couldn't even turn it off. I let the power run out then charged it and it started to work again.
n I have had 3 of these MP3 players. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! All 3 died within a week of purchase. JUNK JUNK JUNK. Pay a bit more nad get an ipod!
n This was a major disappontment, broke after one year hard drive issues. They send you refurbished item which also breaks, and no warranty.
n Really ugly mp3 player. Did the Sandisk designer ever check out the ipod? Features are just average. No surprise.
n I bought this only to have it break within a month. This product is too fragile for normal use.
n this player is not very good and controls are hard to use it takes time to get use to them
n This mP3 player is absolutely terrible, the sound quality sucks. and it has about enough memory for fifty songs. it doesnt even deserve one star!!
n Until Sony ditches their proprietary ATRAC format stay away....stay VERY far away!
n Headphones - had to immediately buy new headphones cuz the length of the earphone that came with the product were uneven. Charges thru computer. Overly priced.
n I own a more expensive Braun but bought this model as a gift for someone who I wasn't sure if he would use an electic toothbrush. After 7 months, the toothbrush won't turn off-something is shorted out. Unfortunately I no longer have the receipt. My more expensive model which I use multiple times a day has been problem free for over five years
n the shaker would not read the card. i called sandisk several times to get assistant, and it still did not read the card.
n Worst hotel ever been	High rates, bad rooms, complicated check in	.
n WHEN I FIRST GOT IT IT DIDN'T WORK OR WOULDN'T LOAD SONGS AND KNOW ONE WOULD HELP ME I WOULD INVEST IN A REGULAR IPOD.
n This was returned because it was impossible to operate.i bought an IPOD that downloads like a charm!!
n The string screws are very loose and the strings won't stay tight. Though I know it is only a kid's guitar, it is pretty useless because the strings won't stay on. We bought two and both are the same way. Stay away from this
n This mp3 was terrible i return about 5 times and finally i ask for a money back. Dont Buy it!!!!
n Pretty upset that I have to pay to ship a product back to them for an out of box failure. They should at least pay for the shipping
n frankly suggest not to buy..will regret a lot after buying.. ooooo...aaaa.....ouchhhh.....tooo painful and hair starts growing in a weeek...and taking very loooooooooooooong timeee to finish one hand..
n pls dont buy this.yr battery shall only last for 2 hrs max
n Far too difficult to work with. Just getting the thing to turn on took literally days of struggle. I had to return it.
n Save your money. First it started turning off for no reason, we changed the batteries, no better. Now it won't turn on and stay on for longer than 2 seconds. What a piece of crap!!!!!!!!
n Dear Srs. It never happen, but there is a first one. The product I bought doesn't work.
n This is so stupid for $50 more you can get an ipod that's 15 GB instead of 4
n electrical short kills cheap-med quality head phones! i lost four before i figure out the problem. and no, it was not just one player. i returned it and got a new one, and it did the same thing. I gave it a 2 and not a 1 because it records radio very well.DO NOT BUY!
n Good product but software does not install (did not install with my XP system).
n The player was broken after three day I got it. The screen is totally dead.
n plz dont take this product....bcoz it has no sign of USB at all....when u connect it to the system....it shows no sign that it is connected...
n This thing is a piece of junk. It stops working in between of a song for no reason. u can get a better mp3 player if you are spending this much.
n I bought three of these for my two 6 year olds and my 7 year old. Every one of them arrived in abysmal condition. Strings everywhere... loose tuning screws that could not be tightened... and scratches. I could not believe that anyone would sell something this inferior. Shocking is an understatement describing this purchase
n Software does not work with Mac OSX. Hopefully there is a download on the Nike-Philips wesite.
n I bought this mouse eight months ago and was quite satisfied - until last week when it stopped functioning altogether. I really expected a better product and durability from Microsoft. I've since bought a Logitech VX Revolution Cordless Laser Mouse for notebooks and love it.
n i got this on october 30th and i used it for four months and the screen died on it.i would not reccommend it at all.a waste of money.
n I bought a 6gb Micro in 4/06..after several months the screen locked up...I tried everything including a new battery...$200 bucks in the trash! Don't buy Creative anything..terrible product....... terrible company..
n The charlatans who makes this [...] deserve to be shot and so does anybody stupid enough to buy it.
n This thing is cheap. It feels cheap, I am afraid it might fall apart every time I pick it up. Don't waste your money on this, get an iPod.
n It can not display Chinese while it's competitors, Creative and Ipod pay more attenttion to international customers!
n Uploading songs to the iPod is a pain, you cannot place DVD movies onto the iPod with ripping assistance that takes hours... It is just a waste.
n I bought this product and it was dead within a month, even though there was absoutely no damage or misuse. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.
n Not a good device to invest money. Like Windows this product hangs in between and when you put more songs into it, it happens more.
n It only worked for a year and a half. I was very disappointed with this mp3. I will never get this very mp3 again.
n Was a little hard putting it together. You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart. I am not happy with this product
n picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price. Didn't do a thing for me. Wipe it on, let it haze and wipe it off. no difference.
n My son's had this since last Christmas and he, several friends and his Dad were unable to download any songs on this item. :(
n The machine does fine for quick cleaning of your cd's/dvd's. I can't give a complete review of the product because I only tried to repair 1 dvd... and it did not repair it
n Could not use it, arrived defective from vendor. Spent almost a month before Amazon finaly ussued refund but still no word from vendor/manufacturer
n Don't buy the adapter listed by amazon to go with this device. It is sold by Adorama Camera and it is the wrong car lighter adapter. I paid $7.95 for shipping along with $25.95 for the adapter.
n buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem ..
n You know those little cloth squares you get to clean your glasses when you buy a new pair? Here's another one of those
n Apple just announced that they are stopping production of this model, and going to offer the 15 GB model for the same price
n very bad product even This item's USB device was not recognized by Windows. would not recommend.
n do not buy this item. i brought 2 and they both failed within 2 weeks. you get what you pay for.
n this guitar i receieved has a warped neck; how dare you send this product out
n Sweat gets into it easily during exercising and eventually malfunctions even after drying up. Otherwise plays well, sleek look, great size.
n I thought this would be an actual toilet monster, and was happy to see such a low price. It is, however, made out of rubber, and can not actually eat people
n You want to spend $100 then you get what you pay for, I will be takng this back tomorrow!
n You better know how to use a chromatic tuner if you buy this because the "instruction" booklet doesn't bother to tell you. I've got red and green lights flashing at me--have no idea what all this means
n Nothing about this player makes sense. It is as if it was designed by graduates of Boston College. The buttons take FOREVER to respond, if they respond at all.
n I tried plugging this into the Microsoft XP and I can't hear anything, let alone watch any videos. Apple stinks.
n the volume level of the phone is not all that good.
n The Zune arrived quickly, but it didn't work. I had to send it to Microsoft and they sent me a new one. It took over two weeks to get it back.
n and also, doen't have radio FM ... I don't recomend.
n Worst item ever, this only turned on for one day, and did not have any features, and froze, requiring reset every 5 minutes. I returned mine.
n memory not very nice. Hard to push some buttons. Tons of functionality (FM radio, FM radio record, heart rate monitor, etc.) are missing
n Scratches, loose screws that cannot be tightened, and poorest quality ever! Shockingly inferior in every way
n One headphone quit working 3 days after christmas and now the player wont do anything but make funny noises-doesnt play any music any more
n This Creative Zen player has a real bad user interface and control keys!
n This is awful like within 2 weeks it started to develop problems now its just frozen on me its bad
n Each time I transfer the files to it, the software stops some where in the middle for ever. Have to restart again and again. A garbage.
n This is some pretty firewood. It does not stay in tune, nor will it play as a real guitar. This is strictly a toy and should not be purchased if you want your child to start learning how to play. I was really dissappointed when I got it out of its box
n This item's USB device was not recognized by Windows.
n The worst hotel I have ever been to!
n Sound quality poor. Product was delivered late by a week.
n the item freezes and does not charge propperly once it has most of its memory filled.
n This item stop working on the 1st day of use. I will be returing it and asking for my money back. But it's cute and it is my favorite color "black".
n I purchased the previous 20G model and it just suddenly stopped working. I tried to get support from Iriver but they never responded to my email.
n Do not buy this I bought this instead of an ipod..big mistake!!! FOR MY BIRTHDAY :(
n After only one or two uses, the heads of the clubs began breaking off from the shafts, rending themselves completely useless. I'm very disappointed as I have another set of Cougar clubs that has performed well for the past 2 years. I would not recommend buying this set of clubs
n This player is a bad product all around. The battery cover broke after just 2 wks. Also, it only holds about 100 songs. Now, no matter how many songs I take off of it, I can't get it to download any more.
n I give this a 1 star because it has become a usb jump drive for my music, after it would store the music...but not play it.
n GET A SONY NET MD WALKMEN!!!!!!!!!! WAY BETTER!!!!!!!!!
n Not a guest friendly hotel	Please carry cash at the time of check out (credit card is not accepted in this hotel) else you will have to walk for five minutes to take cash from ATM and pay your bill.
n Received a bad product but thanks to Amazon they made it happen. Thanks Amazon.
n This MP3 player gave me AIDS. That is why I don't enjoy using it very too much.
n there are better mp3 players, don't believe the hype. Often the OS freezes causing my battery to drain and requiring me to visit the apple store for repairs.
n It's tiny and cute only when it is working. Mine died on the first battery, about 4-hour usage.
n I had to replace it because it crashed on me and I only had it for about 5 months.
n Apple really screwed this one up with only 16GB, when last year's top of the line had 80GB and now the classic has 160GB.
n It doesn't look as pictured and has a hollow sound, even if it is a beginner childrens guiter
n Very easy to use, the videos look great. Screen went black after 2 weeks. I should have bought Ipod nano.
n DON'T BUY ANY ARCHOS PRODUCT IS NO TECHNICAL SUPORT AND YOU NEEDS LAT CHRIS
n Lasted three days then stopped playing. If you buy this, you're an idiot.
n Bought for my wife and haven't seen it in along time. Even my son doesn't want to mess with it.
n It's been over 19 days since my SanDisk 512MB Transflash card was "shipped" from EMARTBUY and I still have not received my order. When I contacted EMARTCRAp, all they could tell me was that it had been shipped.
n I consider my dogs to be small - they are all around 25 pounds. I have had to tighten everything on the backpack to keep them from being too loose and I still feel like they are a little bit too big. I think that for a "small" backpack, that they are just too large. Thank you
n This product is not compatible with Windows Vista. This was a Christmas gift that will be going back.
n Ipods have been good for quite a while now but this new version is prone to problems I suggest the next one.
n The Jumpgear *only* works with Lexar Jumpdrives. Lexar made the software to reject other USB drives, even if they fit in the player. Lame.
n This item is not worth over $100. there is only 64 mbs on it that fits like 10 songs on there I advise you not to buy
n Bought one today at J&amp;R Music World. It does not work, windows XP do not recognise it as a removable device. I am very upset...
n Yes I mean it! The thing dead on me the first day I use it!!!!
n bought 3 years ago. battery always sucked but entire thing died today (despite trying all the "trouble-shooting" tips Apple offers on website). very disappointing considering i paid $300 bucks for 3 years ago. AVOID simply for the miserably short battery life alone. almost missing my old walkman.
n The Mp3 only worked 3 days. After the third day I ignite it and it does not do anything, stays as in stanby without possibility of doing nothing.
n You guys know you can buy these new for $300, right? Can you say "rip-off"? I thought you could!
n Terrible place!!!	I found address in internet and contact with them. They replied so I deside to stay there. Thanks for God I pay only for one night! That place is horrible! And absolutely agree with other comments!
n This product was ordered and had to returned it twice and finally had to cancel the order and ask for a refund.
n I didn't receive the item, I don't think it was the seller's fault, it just didn't arrive.
n The thing is cheaper at the circuit city website. That's all I have to say about it.
n Way overpriced money games at check-out. Towels from old Motel
n I returned this biofeedback software and hardware. I was happy with Amazon's quick credit back to my credit card, but i found this purchase totally lacking. The games it had you play were boring and i wouldn't suggest buying this for doing biofeedback
n I don't know how this works because when I found that I would need to wear a chest band during exercise to make it work, I returned it. It isn't evident in the advert for this (or any other) heart-rate monitor. I guess I'll have to trust my sense of pain...
n I've got this meter a month ago. I intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise, but I've never been able to do so! At rest, the meter gives a reading after several attempts, but often inaccurate. You have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading. now I'm using it as an exercise watch/stopwatch
n the ipod i have recieved never worked properly. getting it repaired with Apple was not the easiest experience.
n This pillow is too small and it is not comfortable at all
n All this box does is make tones to slow down your breathing. I looked at it for a long time, I never found a clear explanation of what it actually is. So I tried it and it seems like it should cost about $11.99. Save your money
n The suction cups do not work on many toilet seats. Though the idea is great, save your money unless you have some to burn
n I had mine for two days &amp; then the sound went out. don't buy this player!
n First of all this is made of such cheap plastic it's ridiculous. Second it says on the box it works with Windows 98 but the driver files don't show up on 98 SE.
n Broken after seven months. What a waste of money, now I have to spend $150-200 again to buy a real mp3 player.
n The worst customer service I have ever experienced. The lady who alledged to be the customer service supervisor said:"You got it cheaper than other brands, what else do you expect?" "Viking cheats. So what?
n Only works properly if you are not moving AnD in a zero-gravity environment
n not worth the shipping cost. Completely flawed. I ordered the Oregon Scientific, which is perfect. Should be Zero Stars.
n you people are all morons reviewing a product that you dont own but worse is not even out yet !!
n as I am after buying a Rio Nitrus. I will save myself a lot of work: Just read the reviews for the Nitrus.
n i bought 4 of these as christmas presents and they all died within 1 month. would not recommend this item
n I've had this player for 3 months and have already had it replaced twice - screen goes black. Makes it hard to use the player
n Worst toy ever purchased... scratches, screws that cannot be tightened, terrible quality in every way
n Each time you replace the battery you have to reload all of your data. Don't waste your money on this one
n it wasnt very good and it didnt tell how bad it wqa
n I tried 4 DVDs with different DVD writers and still doesn't work. This stuff is junk. In addition, the manufacturer never sent the rebate. Don't buy anything from Velocity
n Apparently, the LCD screen breaks rather easily. Watch out
n Horrible_dvd_player,the DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc
n It worked for a few days, then could not synchronize with computer, and ewentually went dead, luckly enough I was able to send it back for refund.
n This item never worked!What more can you say! The company did'nt even know how to get it to work.
n I opened up the package, saw how cheap it was, and packed it back up and returned it.
n 2nd time using one of these, bought it for my daughter, it lasted for about 3 hours then froze up. No more Sandisk MP3 players for me.
n This was a piece of JUnK. neither my husband nor I could ever get it set correctly -- we wound up throwing it away, going to Target and buying one of their 10,000-Steps pedometer. THAT works great
n This product was terrible!! Wouldn't charge, wasn't compatible with my computer as it stated it was. Sent it back for full refund.
n I've been charging the player for 4 hours, but it still does not power on. This is the 1st Samsung product ever to disappoint me.
n It worked for two weeks, then after a upgrade of Itunes everything on the Ipod disappeared and nothing will load. Very frustrating.
n This SD would not work in my nikon Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did)
n The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years. It lights up just fine, and it is a reassuring led gold, but it refuses to do anything with my xd card. It worked just fine for 3-4 days, then erased about 100 photos, all of them irreplaceable. Cheap yes, but Cheap Junk.
n Provides 6-8 hours per battery change.<p>Works better than previous SonicBlue models
n dented and sold as new.I didnt notice that dent on the left side of the product until recently.
n In the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them. I wish I had known this before. now I have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it.
n I found this little device a bit complicated and the instructions weren't clear to me. I gave up.
n I've only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row. I've spent hours with this product on several machines and I can now say the hardware sucks.
n IT SO CHEAP IN QUALITY ALMOST SEEMS LIKE A TOY. THIS ITEMS SHOULD BE IN THE PRICE RANGE OF $15.
n Worst Quality I have ever seen - bought three and all three are horrble. Scratched, screws won't tighten... shocked by the lack of quality control.
n It was not sturdy enough for textbooks. If you put a textbook on it and turn the page, it collapses and or tears the page. I wouldn't even use this for a notebook.
n As the other reviewer found out, these cards can't be formatted to work with SD Audio. Total waste of money
n Some much better out there... Suprisingly over priced for what you get.
n Absolutely no use to me whatsoever. next
n It is very difficult to download/upload it crashes a lot, and it give you a lot of warnings, i regreet to buy this items<p>SKS
n The Itouch I recieved was defective. Bad battery. I'm still in process of replacing it.
n very bad hotel	my personal experience in this hotel was bad , hotel was dirty and staff was bad and greedy always making extra money from tourist by. charging so many hidden and not mentioned taxes.I truly never recommend to any tourist
n I had this for about 2 months before it broke. Customer service never returned my emails.
n it should be stateed this item is for 7 years and younger very small for older kid
n I am 6'1 and this jump rope was too short for me, it says that its adujustable, but it can only be made shorter and not longer. For a kid this is a good jump rope, but its definitely not for a tall person
n Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price??? In addition , iPods can be used as portable hard drives and can display your calendars and contact info.
n It just stopped working after a couple months. I tossed it out and got a 2GB SanDisk. Don't buy this player.
n The product itself is average. I've used better and worse. That said, it's definitely not worth the full asking price.
n Not worth the amount i spent on it.. Its just ok ...Needs more pic so that it one could analyse correctly before buying.
n I recharged this MP3 player maybe 15 times max, and now it won't charge anymore.
n In the beginning the led seemed to stay bright for a considerable amount of time, but now after almost no use (except fooling with it) it doesn't remain lit for even 5 minutes. Very very poor buy
n I saw a lot of bad review about this crappy item, but like a silly guy I bought it! Be aware that it may be an nonreturnable item. If you were me, don't spend your money on this pick! Buy a real chorus gear
n I didn't like this at all...it is really hard to use, has confusing operations, it feels really cheap, and the picture quality leaves ALOT to be desired. Stay away from this one...
n stinky poo	Worst room, service, foodand stinky Toilets.. Don't use the hotel.. Not for human beings
n It arrived on time, but the palm didn't work from the first time, I never received an answer from J&R and after all I changed thru the palm support.
n Received, worked for 2 days and then failed. Look for a more reliable product.
n WOrked OK as an MP3 player and FM tuner. (Reception marginal). However, my son dropped it from 3 ft onto ceramic tile and that crashed the harddrive. Permanently dead. That is too fragile for a portable music device.
n very pool quality. actually i want to return this product. i dont know how to do that. This is worst product from sony. I never expected this from sony.
n Don't believe the hype. It is a great player and you so much want to love it, but it freezes all the time and crashes my PC.
n what kind of product is limited in compatibility to one OS? for those who try to avoid xp, this is a problem.
n i bought this light after looking on the web .it seemed to be sold everywhere. however no one seems to have tryed it . it did not even light up the title to my music much less a complete page. musicans beware this is MIGHTY DULL
n The features on this unit are nice, but in my experience it's poorly manufactured. I had two die in under three weeks from getting the first one.
n is far greater than this product should get...Just as the other reviews stated, it's worthless...don't buy it.
n It is not repairable, not honored by the warrantee, and Samsung basically washes it's hands because of their own poor quality casing design.
n this product its bad at the second time Ive used it broke out and it can be use
n I ordered this item on March 22, but not shipped until today(April 27), why?
n Bought the sucker in July, and in October it died inexplicably. Would never buy another piece of junk from Creative.
n like many other negative reviews, i've experienced the same problems with this razor. i guess less blades is more and i'm going back to the m3 power.
n It is not ready for market. Do not touch it.
n Happy with the service but the product has been giving us problems. It has problems finding the computer and doesn't work half the time.
n If Apple makes everthing works as it advertized, then it's worth it.
n It was great until it broke 3 months in.... doesn't play anymore... I am not impressed....
n IT SUCKS SO BAD ITS OVER EXPENSIVE AND CANT DO ANYTHING GET A SANSA
n they dont display all of the information.this product doesnt come with cimbols.wasnt worth what i payed for it.DOnT BUY THES SET
n This MP3 player broke as soon as I tried to use the player. It only turned on once and would never could be turned on again.
n Soviet-Era Luxury Indian Style	What a dump. Stay at hotels such as Oberoi which are in a similar price range but deliver first-class amenities and services on all fronts
n This is the second one we got - the first one was DOA. This one died after a couple weeks - no reason, just ceased to work.
n no kidding!! The shipping charge on these batteries was over $6.00. Amazon doesn't itemize the shipping charges on your order, so if you order multiple items, you won't know that you're being raped by Crutchfield until it is too late!
