p Easy to open package,tastes good,stays fresh after opening and not using all at once, does what it's advertised to do
p Nice and excellenet performance!. I bought two more of these for gifts to my family members.
p Feeling very safe as a women travelling alone	This hotel makes you feel very safe in a big city as Delhi is. The pickingup from the airport is reliable and very fast and comfortable. Rooms are big and clean. The best you can get for little money!
p I bought this ipod for me and my aunt we loved it cause perfect for gym use. YOu can clip it and go.. !!
p This player/recorder, which was purchased for my wife, works exactly as advertised. My old player is starting to die, so I will probably buy another one of these units.
p I haven't heard anything but great things from the young lady that got this for Christmas! She loves it and takes it everywhere.
p We purchased this microphone for use at our church. It works perfectly, sounds great, and was a steal for 20 bucks!
p Safety key was fine...except I purchased treadmill without book and it was not the size I was looking for. I took a chance at the size so my own fault
p Great sound, low listening fatigue. This does not over-accentuate low frequncies, so if you're looking for overly booming bass, this is not it. note that it's an "open" design, so that you will hear environmental noise pretty clearly - it will not keep outside noises out
p Purchased item for daughter for Christmas. Delivery on time, product worked as avertised. She is very pleased with her present.
p Great, speedy service. The product was exactly as described. I would buy again from this seller!
p Out of the 3 flavors available, this one is the favorite of both my boys (4yrs and 7yrs). BUT no matter what flavor its a snack they both will eat and enjoy!
p The silicone is great quality, fits the nano snugly, and the arm band is nice. Wonderful product, does what it's supposed to do, for a fabulous price. Recommended
p I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I was very happy with it. It was the very first time I've used a digital camera
p Honest came very fast. Has alot of space. Perfect no damage in good condition.
p We use the ZBars for breakfast, and my kids love them! I love them too, as they're organic, contain no trans fat, no refinded sugar or flour. They're yummy AnD healthy
p Must say that the item was better than I expected. Thanks to the seller and will buy again!!!
p It does everything I expected to do. Easy manual and set up. Great sound. I am keeping it
p This produc was delivered earlier than expected and in great shape. My family loves having an iPOD to enjoy their favorite music. Great service and a great item. Thanks.
p Enough said. I was a long time hold out, but I'm so glad that I gave in. Great for travel and home.
p Our silver Ipod Nano works great! Looks and feels cool too. We ordered two nanos. One worked, one was a bust. This one won the 50-50 toss up.
p my baby is 12 moth now and she uses the pampers Cruisers (size 3) from 4-month-old. it is soft and my baby never have "rush" with it. my whole family love this diapers.
p Wanted something inexpensive for the little one. He loves listening to his own music and can run it without a problem.
p all i can say bad about it is its big but yea i love it
p i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
p great player for the first time buyer. it's tiny, and very cute. has all the basics. very nice price.
p I've own one of these before and went back to buying another one. GREAT PRODUCT and very user-friendly.
p It is cool. I use it for movies and the quality though not dvd quality is pretty good. I like the thing and my hubby loves it. I am satisfied.
p The set look very nice. The description DOES say that the cymbals are not included, so I will have to buy them separate. I am buying this set for my nephew for Christmas. He is in a band! I hope he likes it
p Excellent little player. Easy to transfer songs or even data and pics. Great sound. Very small and light weight. FM tuner is great. I'm glad I picked this one.
p It rocks my world along with the radio stations. It only proves to you that good things do come in small packages.
p Apple has dominated the MP3 market and when you buy one you will understand.
p I thought when I up graded to the plasma things couldn't get any better I was wrong the wireless is the cherry on top I love this thin
p The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style
p excellent product, only had it for a couple of days tough (Ipod Video released and had to get one :p )
p i think this mp3 player is great,so easy to download songs on,i like the way it shows album covers.jazz
p when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light.
p We LOVE this item!!! We get older TV show DVDs from netflix and they generally are not in the best condition when they come. If the cleaner doesn't work, and it generally does, our back up is the repair stuff, which almost always does. I think out of 30 disks, only two were not fixed.
p Seems me that is an excellent product he which will be me of great utility.
p Very pleased w/item. Compact. Easy to move from place to place
p I bought it for my dad and I haven't heard any complaints. So I guess everything is working ok. But those head phones are huge!!
p I love this player! I have had no issues with it whatsoever. It is very easy to use and to program. I will be buying more items from Creative Zen in the very near future!
p This was just as advertised, good product, fast service. Not really enough storage for my needs, but works fine.
p i bought it about 2 mounth ago and liked it very much its sound quality very good but think it comes from my bose tripod headphones :)
p What can I say? It's a nice book holder.
p GREAT PRODUCT
p Judging by the picture, it looks very good for the price, and also has two crash cymbals which many other "starting" drums do not featur
p the software is wonderful...u can download the music as easy as abc...the condition after months of hard use is still wonderful
p Last night, as I was going to sleep I listened to a variety of songs - Foo Fighters, Elton John, Queen, Johnny Cash and more. It was an experience. I heard more from Folsom prison than ever before. Captain Fantastic was amazing. not being an audiophile, it is hard to explain, but the music seemed new.
p I bought a used flames strap from Eddie and it feels (and looks) great. I love it and my bro does as well, very good buy
p I have a garage band and i needed i good set of drums so i bought these. iwasn't sure if i want them at first but i made a great decision! now my drums go everywhere with me! This is a great pick
p It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning/using the item
p Creative Zen Nano is inexpensive Easy to use -I recommend it to anyone who wants to get started with an MP3 player
p Bought this for my 15 year old. He really likes it and it was reasonably priced. Haven't had any problems with the unit.
p I guess I did not read the description...an adapter is required to pROpERLY use this. I will either buy the special adapter or adapt it to my bike rack
p Simple to use, no bells and whistles, and just the right price for someone like me when I walk.
p I got this for my son for christmas and he loves it. he has had more fun with this mp3 player than any of his gifts.
p I did read all the reviews and was afraid something bad could happen during delivery. My fears proved wrong. I received a heavy package not damage, with all contents inside. The bike is working well and it is really a great exercise bike
p This is the best tasting energy bar I have ever had. My kids love them too. Great high energy snack
p Seriously better than the little ipods. Little small on the storage, but HUGE on features. Motion of the ocean, man.
p Good for business	five star hotelgood for official partieslocated in posh south delhicentral location in southgood servicegood food
p This is the best! I love it and use it to roll out the muscles in my tight calves. Its made me a better runner. My husband loves when I take it to his tight shoulders... I can massage him so much longer than I could before. This is a great purchase
p I have had so much fun learning Bio feedback and learnig to breath. The exercises and the story line are really helpful to achive control and develope skills for meditation. I highly recommned this product. I will be purchasing the add-on in the near future
p It's great, the screen is clear, the music sound nice, and the pictures show clear with nice size screen.
p This product is simply awsome, per my daughter who received this as a gift for x-mas. Keep up the good work amazone and Zune!!!!
p My wife uses her Rio Carbon all the time and she loves it. B. Holmes
p I purchased two of these for my 19 year old twin daughters and they use them everyday. They have had no complaints so far.
p I feel I got the best deal all year. My daughter loved it and Amazon made sure I could afford it. Walmart and Target have nothing on Amazon!!
p i have absolutely no complaints. super easy to use and i'm a gadget-idiot! great for running.
p This metronome shows the different italian terms used to describe tempos. This makes it easier to know at what tempo to practice your music
p This MP3 player is very user friendly and easy to follow directions for getting started. Also love the clip on.
p Perfect Size, easy to use. FM Tuner is nice to have. For someone who doesn't need an overly abundant amount of songs on their MP3, this is great!!
p This is a great product for the money. For a novice, it was easy to use. The instructions were pretty thin but it was simple to figure out. A useful tool
p this was my grandson's present last year from his Mom and Dad. He loves it
p Delhi belly	Good service, nice and clean.&quot;Too much&quot; attention sometimes from service staff.Nice with gym inside the hotel
p There is just one word to describe this product: amazing. I'm full satisfied with it. Just buy it with 1Mbytes (mine is 512kBytes). One last thing: the battery lasts forever
p This is by far the BEST flash-based MP3 player I have ever used. It is incredibly user friendly. Great sound and picture with all the bells and whistles.
p the ipod is great! it got here in good time and great shape. it has plenty of memory to hold tons of music. it is a great size to carry around and use anywhere anytime.
p battery life is great , and the SD card extention is nice you can add a 2GB card no problem.
p Great features! probably the best pedometer out there for the money. The only reason I give 4 vice 5 stars, is that I think the one I bought for my mom (same brand and model) is slightly more accurate. A great way to track your fitness overall
p Fast and Accurate !!!
p Great gadget. Decent price. Lots of options. What else do you need?
p nano sounds gr8 i m very happy with the sound i hear compared to a old mp3 player i had and also very sleek and easy to use..
p It went through the washing machine all the way through to spin and still worked (new headphones were required). What more can I say?
p This is the greatest mp3 player out there.i never even installed the software for song transfer. I love it!!!!
p Very compact size/weight is great for clipping onto workout wear. Easy to use..great sound..great little screen..good battery... Love it !
p This product is really versatile for my needs. I can listen to music, watch videos, and most importantly store my photos while on the go!!
p This wiffle bat is light and easy to use. Substitue it for a whip or crop when training your young horse. It will not hurt the horse, but will get the horse's attention
p Got a Gen 3 and a Gen 2 for my son and daughter. She wanted a Gen 2 since that is what her friends have. She saw the Gen 3 and changed her mind.
p It's cheaper, easy-to-use, has a screen so you can select songs/albums, and fits more music. Oh, and it has a pretty good battery life.
p two things, is there a case for this thing you can buy anywhere? also, is it the same size as the 20 GB model? Thanks!
p Perfect for travel/storage when a laptop is too much. Handles my digital RAW photos easily.
p first mp3 player for me. i am very pleased with it. easy to use and very well made. can do a lot with it for a small price.
p tried player and very happy with results. would highly recommend this to others.
p This drum set is awsome and affordable. It has a nice clean but deep sound, and works for any type of music. But since America now is scared of reading, It seems people are neglecting to notice that while the picture has cymbols, it has clearly printed it does not come with cymbals. 5 star though
p This appears to be a good piece of equipment. I hav'nt had any major outages as of yet but a minor fluctuation was handled very well.
p I have tried nearly all brands of energy bars. Hooah! are the best tasting and they give me the most energ
p The best ipod ever! Great size, video resolution, sound! I completely recommended it! I got it like for a month and i think is great!
p Buy this K5 and you will be amazed how will the belt in speaker sounds and the FM radio works great.
p Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year
p I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather.
p Great product! It was exactly how it was described and I had no problems with the transaction at all. I bought this as a gift and he was very happy with it
p I love this thing. It was a great value, love the arm strap so I can run with it when I use my sports head phones. Love the pink. Easy to add music directly from CD w/o storing on computer.
p people thunk its bad but its not its a good mp3 from a respected comuter company and it sounds great
p This machine really makes you feel it. I like the fact that it also stretches your back which feels great. The only thing I can say is I wish it folded up for better storage but other than that, I like it.
p i find the item in perfect shape and operates effectively thank you so much bimvik
p This is a great item, liek a mini tivo for on the go people, recoreds from tv, computer, dvd directly, awesome item.....
p Fantastic player with good software to burn CD's as well. Able to type in and search by Artist, genre and albums. Great sound quality and bass booster options. A+ product!
p machspeed trio 1 gb mp3 player also a 1gb flashdrive i have no complaints it works great. I recommend it
p This player has been working fine for me. I only use it for about 1 hour, M-F, on the way home from work. I had to buy new headphones because the ones that came with it hurt my ears, otherwise, no complaints.
p This baby not only looks good its da biz i got it recently no regrets!
p This tools is really really great. It helped me to overcome the problem I faced while playing guitar, specially the barre chords
p I've been using it on a daily basis for more than 1 year already and it's really great. Absolutely no glitches so far (I've dropped it on the floor SEVERAL times), great battery life
p This is a great system. I use it with my Amazon Unbox player and transfer digital videos. Unbelieveable system, love it.
p Excellent service 	It's really the best hotel you can get at an affordable price, good service &amp; at a convenient location. Kudos!
p Better_than_my_old_belkin_model
p This is great, especially when I am walking. I love listening to the music I want.
p by just looking at the picture i see that it has 2 symbals witch all of the other ones that i see in the site only have one unless you wanna pay a million dollars. so im thinking of byeing this one or acually haveing my dad bye it for me
p I bought the Sansa M240 two months ago and am quite happy with it. It's light-weight, holds plenty of media (I have yet to fill it up) and the sound is suprisingly good. no complaints
p The Samsung Nexus 50 does exactly what it is suppose to do. I have had no problems with the unit. It is like having a vcr for your satellite.
p it is great for listening rescoreded articles, public talk, music and store some most needed files. it is well designed easy to carry. i love it.
p This shaver has met all my expectations. It cleans and recharges itself automatically. The shave is close and nick free. The only slight negative is the cleaning time per shave could run to 20 minutes
p I've had so many slipping problems in my Ashtanga yoga class. Both my hands and feet would slide and it was soooo hard to hold poses. Here is the answer! It works great! I'm very happy.
p Happy with price and product. Very very easy to use; fast and accurate
p Excellent! Fast service, good price and ONLY $5.00 Shipping by UPS ground from Colorado to California (do not "eat" the cost of Shipping & Handling like many others!) Thank You
p This is a great product, holds lots of songs and I haven't had any problems!!
p I BROUGHT 2 ZEN V 1 GB PLAYERS, ONE FOR MYSELF AND THE OTHER FOR MY DAUGHTER. WE BOTH LOVE THEM. THE SERVICE THROUGH AMAZON WAS GREAT.
p I'd like to rate this product, but it was ordered by me as a gift for my daughter... she is very pleased with it.
p The package includes the XLR cable, microphone Stand, and the nady microphone. The quality is excellent. The stand by itself costs $38.00 at the stores, the cable around $20.00, and the mic, around $30.00. If you need just one of these three items you get the other two for free.
p The backpack is great. It is a wonderful tool for dogs with lots of energy. You can fill it with lots of weight and they love carrying it. It secures well, and dogs love it. If you give a dog a job, they really feel useful, and I think they appreciate it a lot
p Definitely competes with I pod. Nice sound. Nice stereo effect. radio is also good. ShashidharAM Bangalore INDIA.
p I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries & CD's
p I love my little green machine. The battery last forever and its small enough to stick anywhere.
p The portable MP3 meets all my requirements, such as awesome quality recording , large capacity, radio. I love it and bought extra one as a birthday gift to my friend.
p Good things do come in small, pink little packages! Great sound quality when I play through my v-moda earbuds.
p I love this iPod sooooo much. I bought it almost a year ago, and it's amazing. never broke once. best iPod ever!
p Great value	It was a great value and extremely good service.
p this is a nifty very small musical device that I use when exercising. its great - holds all the songs I can listen to and is so portable. I really like it
p The iPod Nano is a great product for the price. It is slim and compact, which allows you to carry this product without all the extra weight.
p loved the disc	this hotel is situated in a good location....and can say...its value for money
p Very Good ! As far as the owner, the ipod is well take care.
p Got this for my son for his electric guitar. It is so easy and accurate - I really like this product. I was hesitant to purchase it because of the low price - but believe all the other reviews - it is a great value and you will not be disappointed
p This microphone is an excellent choice for garage bands, home-recorders and musical enthusiasts--ultra reliable, extremely tough with sound reproduction of a quality which usually requires a much heftier price tag. This is a microphone that will keep you singing a good while.
p This is my first iPod and I LOVE it!! I have all of my 200 cds on it and still 50+ GB free. Amazing. Plus I have pictures on it that I've transferred from my camera.
p Timely delivery and strong product. I haven't used my Nano that much, but so far so good. 8 gb is solid and can hold a lot of songs!
p I love my Creative Zen. I have downloaded a bunch of music easily and have been enjoying it since I recieved it. I highly recommend it as a more affordable version of the Ipod.
p My son is 5 years old and absolutly loves this digger.It was easy to put togther and is very durable.I would highly recommend it. He also likes that it has tracks so he can sit on it and move it where he wants
p Excellent value.handles and works well for Audio books, lots of storage space for many books and lots of music.
p this is a great product with a lot of great features and is way better than any i pod at least me and all my friends think so!!!
p I ordered this pink ipod nano for my neice for Christmas. She loves it and the sound quality is great! I highly recommend this product!
p Thanks for the good service we received on this item. It arrived in good shape and as expected.
p Works just like you would want a tiny MP3 player to work. Very well laid out unit. I am very happy!
p I highly recomend the YH-820mc to anyone It is easy to use and a great product.
p It is worth the purchase if you can get it for a good deal. Arm band is very good.
p If you own a Canon digital camera this printer is great. It is portable and makes great prints.
p My physician told me to exercise or else, so I looked at Comsumer Reports and listened to friends who spoke of a recumbent bike. Amazon's price was great and I have been delighted. If you like to read and exercise, this one's for you
p I use this pillow in the car and plan to take this on the plane. I do not like the neck pillows and prefer the rectangular shape of this pillow. It rolls up to a nice compact size
p we have been able to load it up with are kids favorite DVD's, and TV shows (and a few of our own) to make travel much more enjoyable. It is very easy to use.
p The player was all I expected and then some. The graphics are great! It was shipped quickly and arrived sooner than expected.
p It is a powerful mp3, worth buying at that price. I really like it.
p It is beautiful mp3 player. Looks special and different from a typical Ipod. Tons of memory; smaller than 20 GB Ipod. Easy controls, colorful display, cool USB host feature. Con: bad battery life. Great price!
p great rooms	Rooms are large as well as the bathrooms. Very comfortable. Loved the large tv screen.
p It's really kind of cool to have such a small player carrying so much music or audiobooks. The earbuds seem fine--good fidelity and fairly long cord.
p Bought this for my husband, he loves it; it works great, looks great, nice small size, highly recommend!
p Love it!!! Love the features!!! An excellent substitute for a video iPod for a much cheaper price!!!
p This player works great and the software with it makes it easy to transfer stuff to it.
p Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought
p This is a nifty little unit with easy controls and superior sound quality. My daughter has friends with IPODs and Sansas and this blows them away.
p This is a good compact flash card. This is faster than most cameras can handle so there was no real reason to go with faster cards that are much more expensive.
p I love this mp3 player because it's a great value. It costs much less than an Ipod, and I think it works very well
p I love my SanDisk! The sound is great; size is great!! I am very pleased with this product.
p I very much like this product because battery life is good, very easy to transfer songs and easy to navigate.
p The iPod came with the title Kevin Lees iPod ? is this a factory setting or a pre owned iPod ?
p Easy to use. Tiny. Light. Fine sound. Lots of features. Excellent SW included. Plugs right in to USB (no cable to lose). Built-in FM radio. Runs on 1 AAA battery. Long battery life. Great price. What's not to love?
p You really can't go wrong with this one. not great response but what do you expect for less than $300? On the other hand, The possibilities for this surround system are endless.
p A good solid player with amazing battery life, sound quality, it's small, lightweight, easy navigation buttons. A joy to use
p We bought this tent to travel with our newborn to the beach and it is amazing. the setup is quick and we are the envy of all beachgoers. It is lightweight and well constructed. I highly recommend this to all who desire shade and comfort
p Very Good Hotel	Really a good hotel. Food,services room ambience everthing was really great. Not very close to town but good place to stay
p get it right now ,, it was the best thing i ever owend ...and at a good price
p My husband is digging his video IPOD. He has pics of the grandkids on it and can share them at the gym while he works out...
p We purchased 3 of these for our kids and they love it and have not had any problems with them. We'll be upgrading them to a nano when the hard drives on these start to fail. So far they haven't.
p i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly
p Great product, lots of space, small. But should probably by a soft shell cover for it to avoid damaging it.
p Fantastic product--I am a group fitness instructor and I use this product everyday--I add a banana, peanut or cashew butter, plain yogurt, ice and water--this is in lieu of dinner--I don't get hungry and it really keeps my energy levels up
p The best yet for those that don't have to have a million songs to choose from at any one time! There is ipod and there is all the "wanna-be's"....
p no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers
p anyone else have this problem? please help... i am using Windows Media Player...
p works great, just annoyingly loud for use with a keyboard. We covered the speaker with duck tape - fixed it
p This blood pressure monitor is everything I was looking for and the price was certainly right. Thank you. It works perfectly
p Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo
p this mp3 player smokes any other player i have seen it is awesome
p This Omron Blood pressure Monitor is OK, but not as good, in my opinion as my old one from the same company. This one doesn't print out results, although it does store them. Also, the cuff is very stiff and cumbersome.
p I bought this for my daughter-in-law for Christmas. When she opened it, was she ever surprised. She really likes this gift.
p buying from Amazon is cheaper. why bother going to apple store or apple website paying more?
p It costs half as much as an average iPOD it hold twice as much as a average iPOD! How can I refuse.
p great product! I love the radio feature. Very nice look to it too... great color screen. Definately reccomend it
p My order was upgraded to 80 gig, becaude the company did not have the 3ogig in stock. This upgrade was made at no additional cost. GREAT!!!!!
p Very easy to use. Both the microphone (for acoustic instruments) and the line in result in perfectly tuned instrument. I can't imagine spending much more for a tuner
p The microphone and cord are very good quality. The stand is solid and easy to adjust. note XLR cord connector. An adapter is needed for 1/4 connection
p I really like the product, its very simple and nice to use. Comes with everything you need to use it, no buying extra things. I love the color screen and the radio, and even the Text reader is good keeping work out routines. You can't go wrong with it.
p This is a fantastic product at an incredible price. I am amazed by the quality and the free shipping makes it even better. It has completely eliminated my lower back pain, the chiropractor never did that. Buy this table
p I own this Ipod Video and I love it a lot! Good quailty, and very descent, but if you do not put it in a case,it scrachtes a lot
p Good product.. Worth the money which I spent.. Good picture quality...
p Battery is great. Happy with my purchase got a great deal.
p These are a great, yuumy snack. For someone who counts calories (or points), it's nice to have an option that is relatively healthy and still tastes great! I have never met a Luna Bar I didn't like, though this is my favorite flavor
p Got this as a gift for my Girl Friend. She is very pleased with it. She has had it for about 18 months now, uses it every day, and it works as well as the day she got it.
p Just wanted to echo what others have said, that these batteries seem to really last.
p On the basis of the first review here, I ordered this bike and couldn't be happier with it. This is the first piece of exercise equipment I've ever tried that is worth the space it takes up. I use it every day
p This monitor is so easy to use, and more convenient than going to the grocery store. It saves the readings in memory, so if I don't have a pen and paper handy, I can retrieve the info later. It even shows the time the reading was taken.
p The mp3 player is economical and my girls enjoy listening to their music on the mp3 player.
p I had a rio, this is soooo much better, much easier to use and sounds great. I highly recommend it.
p RIO is really great, but Diamond should increase its memory so as to really worth the money.
p easy to use.it seems quite accurate.the only bad thing is it needs batteries,which cost a lot
p Love it. It's great. Easy to use. Small. Excellent. No complaints.
p The Mic is cheap, the stand is nice but what a combo deal! I likes I like
p pedometer is great! Easy to use, accurate. Highly recommend it
p I love this iPod, it looks beautiful and elegant, perfect for its purpose, reasonable price, easy to use.
p These are very tasty. They take care of a sweet tooth without all the unpronouncable ingredients or being terrible for you. They also are great in a diaper bag, purse, center console of a car for when you get hungry and need something to tie you over until you are at home or whatever your destination
p Forget iPods. This little beauty plays music, movies, podcasts, photos and syncs with MS Outlook for much less $$$.
p This blood pressure monitor is easy to use and works great
p Great MP3 player. Worked wonderfully with Vista. Good volume, easy to use, great sound. Good price. I am very pleased with the unit.
p the company sent me a great product, at a great price. im glad there is an ebay to shop around for great deals.
p Would recommend it - coupled with the Bose Sound Deck it makes a good guest room music system
p excellent mp3 player. extra small and light. just drag mp3's over with or without folders. i like that it uses AAA batteries. one problem i had is it stopped responding, but after firmware update it works perfectly.
p I have had this product for about a month now and it been excellent so far. the battery life is very good...all in all, very happy to have bought it.
p It's hard to say enough about this machine. It's a great MACHInE
p So many children and even adults bounce on my ball whenever they come over and happen to see it! That's not what it's supposed to be used for but it just shows how sturdy it is. My friend who is probably about 250 lbs didn't even pop it
p This is the 3rd or 4th time I have bought this type of batteries and I am always satisfied with their performance. They are a great value
p I am satisfied with what I got. Its video quality is good. I personally found it much better than iPod I used.
p Initially I had some trouble figuring out the right port to use. But now it works and I've used it constantly for at least 2 years
p This ROCKS!! I love it except for not having a radio, will totally recommend it.
p Great Place	Excellent place to stay. i would defintely like to be there again
p I can't find a single thing to complain about. This little thing has EXCELLENT battery life (WAY more than an IPOD). This is an EXCELLENT buy.
p Great item for my kid for birthday present. I got it for them and they ended up showing me how to work, very simple. Great for what I spent, too.
p Works great!!! I have a flat roof that does not allow me to add a phone line and the only way to use my satilite system is with a long phone cord accross my room.
p I BOUGHT THIS BIKE FOR MY SOn FOR CHRISTMAS AnD HE LOVES IT! nO pROBLEMS WITH IT SO FAR, IT IS BUILT WELL AnD THE pRICE WAS AWESOME.
p Make sure you do other forms of exercise and good diet habits to compliment this. I like using it when I'm at home and don't feel like going to the gym. I cardio, (running or something) afterwards. It's really effective if your form is correct.
p The ipod came in very good condition and came with everything needed.Also came quickly. Thankyou
p Thank you for the great product and timely shipping. Great business and very responsive.
p Very happy with the product so far and it looks like a new MP3 player. I am pleased with your service.
p Great item. It's and iPod what else need you say? My wife loves it.
p the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it
p Well i don't have much to say. Anyone who does a lot of vocal performance sees these suckers everywhere. not only are they terribly common, they are common because they are good sturdy mics. Good sound quality! Happy with mine. Shure has been making good mics forever. It's definitely a safe buy for any performer, especially vocalists
p Very compact with good instructions. Comes with a very durable case and handle which makes it easily portable. I hope I never have to use it
p The item was very easy to assemble and it works well and certainly seems to do what it says. It is great
p The ipod was cafefully packaged as promised. I recieved this before Christmas, which was a great time saver for me.
p It's very handy and easy to use, the quality of the sound is awesome.
p I bought this mat for my exercise bike. It was large and gave my floor great protection. I would recommend this mat to anyone that has exercise equipment
p Bought it for my son and though it doesn't have the information right on the face like he wanted, he is still pleased with it.
p Works great, but drains battery life rather quickly I think. Very handy to have around when you need a usb flash drive.
p The iPod is great! I had a 4 GB nano before this, and the 8 GB has so much more space! It works perfectly. I love it.
p Apple has dominated the MP# market and when you buy one you will understand.
p I bought these as a gift for my husband to watch TV late at night without disturbing me. He loves them. The sound is fine and the headphones are comfortable.
p its just as i thought it would be and it seems flawless
p Item received in perfect condition. Checked with Doctor. Very good blood pressure monitor. Thank you
p Great Business Place	Great LocationBest FoodGood Pool Good Business Facilities Great House KeepingHelpful staff.
p Its fundamentally wonderful device squeezing in lots of features in its cute n tiny shape. I didn't see any player as compact as this
p Elegant design, easy to use, only downside is there are better versions on the market now.
p This is the only energy bar that I have sampled more than once! The Hooah! energy bar works faster, lasts longer, and tastes better!... Both flavors!... Go Army!
p I encountered these at last week's Carlsbad Triathlon. They tasted really good and I figured if it's good enough for the military, I'll give it a try...sure enough, the military knows what it's doing--it seems to work as claimed. Thumbs up, or, Hooah
p best product! easy to use, the batteries last forever, and i love the video and picture options!!! definately a must have!
p LOVE THIS, LOVE THIS, JUST WISH IT HAD A RADIO, ALMOST ALL THE FEATURES OF AN IPOD, BUT LESS MONEY!
p I recieved a brand new nano Ipod for $175 Great Deal! I recieved it pretty promptly and am happy with the results
p I got the product within the day the email was sent that it had been shipped and in perfect condition.
p slim and sleek, with a great looking face, this is a great product for anyone.
p THIS MP3 IS THE BEST IN ITS CLASS. THE QUALITY OF MUSIC, SPACE IS REALLY GOOD. SOUND IS GREAT. THANKS
p player seems to work great, locks up once in a while when you are trying to go through things too fast. but it is not a problem.
p I was really enjoying my Oregon Scientific pedometer, I found it easy to use and accurate; however, after 1 month it accidentally fell on the floor, and that was it, it no longer works...I will probably buy another one, but it needs to be treated with kid-gloves.
p They don't seem small at all. I would agree that it's like a size 3, if you're talking about toddler CLOTHInG, but the diaper size is different. My daughter wears 3T clothes, size 5 Easy Ups
p Business pleasure	I found the Ambassador Hotel very convenient. It is certainly well-located, next to the airport. The rooms are clean and comfortable. No complanits about the service.
p I don't care about clickwheels. Better battery life, file associations, sound quality.
p IT's a USB hub. All I ask is that it works. It does.
p This was a present for my husband, and he has gotten a lot of use out of it. A very cool gift!
p The YP-T7X is a solid mp3 player. The FM radio works well. It is a good device to use while running. I also have a Creative Zen and the two devices are complimentary (one for storing all of my music and one for use while running).
p This Mp 3 player is great... no doubt about it. It easy to use and has a cool screen. Sounds better than any stereo I've heard before. A little over $100 is a bargain!.
p I purchased 2 for my kids and they love them! I would suggest buying them for adults as well as kids!
p It is a great gadget to have for the summer. I love the size of it. I am glad I purchased it. I enjoy having it at my gradma's house this summer. She does not have to listen to loud music since I have my Ipod.:)
p This is perfect for my ipod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.
p A very beautiful piece with a very big and clear screen. good music clarity. Worth buying it.
p This is the best Portable Video Recorder! Easy to navagate, easy to transfer files. My only problem is not being able to buy another.
p You won't find a better headset to reproduce top quality music in any format. And, the price is right, from competent sellers.
p Seems to me that is an excellent product he which will become a product of great utility to me.
p I like almost everything about my new Audi A4. The one negative thing is that the rims get dirty every time I drive it, even if its around the corner. Someone mentioned that it might be the brakes.
p This package deal is unbelievable . You get a well built stand a Mic cord , Mic clip ,and Sp1 microphone for $19.95 The quality and sound are great. If you play out in small bars and taverns like I do this package is for you
p This XM radio is terrific - small & compact, but with lots of memory for recording my favorite music - and all at a great price. Outstanding value!
p hope this nano iPod would still be on sale... I don-t like the new one.. too small...
p I really enjoy this product. Much cheaper than Ipod, very happy. Great size, I like that you can use windows explorer to copy albums to the device.
p I loved the price, it's a nice size IPod easy to carry in your pocket or purse
p Unbeatable for the price! Worked fine right out of the box. Easy to use and easy to understand instructions. I'm glad I bought it
p This is a great drink. I wanted to try something that was different, and this definately fit in. It isnt carbonated, and tastes really good.
p The toothbrush is great, feels like you just came from the dentist and had your teeth cleaned
p Yes.........I like it, after using for 2 weeks, my fingers were strong. Good thing is that this exercise helps in smooth blood flowing in your body
p Every gigging musician knows that when something as petty as a Mic Clip gets broken, it is more than a little annoying. I have this as my spare and think it works just fine
p Great product. I just received my ball today. I couldn't wait to work out. If I learn how to stay on it that would be saying something! I will always recommend Max-Fitness
p This Player is great. The folks at Creative, or third parties, should not lose the momentum and must start offering accesories for this Player.
p really great mp3 player, and this mp3 player makes u look cool i dont know why :p
p This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better.
p One of the most useful items Creative has ever produced. I have two - get one and you'll be happy with it.
p My product was recieved in a timely manner and was in GREAT condition. It was everything it was described to be. Easy to use and quite compact.
p It's everything my daughter wanted in a handy little package. She loves her Ipod nano! Amazon had a great price and free shipping. Such a plus!
